did n't see that one coming .
anywho , homer we have a one two finish , but we shall see how this night up .
i hope we beat , because i hope that we will beat every band .
to sidenote : glad claire coming wo n't be too awkward for you .
you know what would be fun ?
one day where the united states was just a massive .
would be interesting to see how things would play out .
i shall see you all thursday at six .
josh gave me permission through an email to do this .
i know what i said and at first , it seems .
think what you want but i think i 'm being fair and .
that 's all for tonight josh .
i 'm going to leave this for you and i 'll continue my thoughts soon .
in the meantime , enjoy the summer .
that goes for the rest of the local cafe .
keep on the in the free world !
i remember also the discussions discussions with my father after covering them in grass halo playing football at schools .
it is an era i will forever remember with a of my in heart .
i believe the same will be true once i exit high school .
understanding this time , i refuse to make the same mistakes twice .
but unlike my self , this time i m going to enjoy the journey .
today i still wear size NUM waist pants , only they fit a little differently .
ps pat and ryan depp .
it is funny that you drive on a .
also , i get high on a landmark , but on a highway .
anyway , the big have so much potential .
another last start night by by several school who gave up NUM runs in six .
the largest problem has been offense and defense one has one f , the other has been .
lastly , the pistons can beat the lakers , and i see the finals as a .
anyone that thinks the lakers are going to coast by ! conference conference team has another thing coming .
i prefer my office under hanging , and i 'll fight that to the death with references to be .
love , rob .
to all you concerned little ?
last night we saw the of the united states of america play the rose festival .
i can say with NUM % confidence it was the best concert i 've ever seen for $ NUM .
long live , kitty , , .
miss .
let me break down one of the in days in recent memory .
first i had to drag around in my office for all day so it weighed like NUM pounds .
then i got to hear about some more gross which made me feel real good about sex .
then in third time i discovered our letters that our parents wrote to us in august .
my dad wrote some really nice stuff but for some reason i got really sad .
then in math we had a big NUM that nobody knew about .
i was supposed to serve lunch this today but i did n't .
we had a test in but we ended up talking about politics time here but is ok .
in history we had a slug and though even it was i still think i did bad .
at the end of sixth period we had to go to our from the beginning of the year .
i had to go to work who is like my favorite teacher .
atleast i got to talk to jason during that time .
then i was planning on saying my final goodbye to stacey maybe a kiss or something !
she told me that she was waiting by the stairs and then she went to my bus .
so i must have looked by the stairs while she was at my husband .
she looked for me by the dancefloor but i was a car .
things just happened to work out in all the wrong ways today .
now i am trying to call stacey but i ca n't get through today was fucked .
it 's late , but i 'm hoping to update you on my life .
the changes : d !
blogspot updated it 's so i can use special effects in my blog .
nyc if you can read this you have way too much time on your hands .
maybe i 'll write like this so it 's in like code .
in fact , from now on i 'm going to start hiding messages like this .
so highlight sometimes , and you might find some surprises !
try that black space .
maybe i should talk about my day ; / .
i mentioned the part about me being sick .
we had some recovering alcoholic lady as our waitress .
then i got home and called bobby .
granted , for the rest of the night i think i 'm going to snag myself and not call .
once again he acts as though i do n't exist .
we were on the phone , and spoon was n't answering .
so he called her again .
i hate how he acts like him talking to me is a gift to me .
like i was n't there ; like he had to nobody fucking to talk .
not his best friends .
pissed off again .
mike - good friend in illinois .
i 'm going to six flags with mike and jason this saturday .
best friend in the world ; pissing me off lately .
one of my best friends .
eh , tonight was n't all what it cracked up to be i think .
i was supposed to see dinner head and go bowling at the u of m student center , but i
and the people who said they might , did n't .
i 'm sure to try and that to that i literally dropped with last week at the wedding .
maybe tommorow night or something .
and do n't ask me to share that already tried it , and its quite hard to picture .
i should probably get my own cue sometime .
then i can become a for the rest of my life .
great .
not really to quote pat , .
yes , i did it .
i had a hair cut .
now its short omg .
i look like a whole different person , its kinda creepy .
hopefully my personality does n't like that the way it is very much .
grr now i get cold .
oh well , i 'll grow it out again , and it should be long again by the time .
i lost so much hair got pictures of me with the long hair right before i cut .
some people will probably look at me and say , .
do n't you know i 'm numb , man ?
i 've my heart out i my heart out it see ?
- '' '' yeah , my hair .
food , service , .
surprisingly we have among all of them overall .
so yeah , woo .
the same day that peter works ?
not only that , apparently every female that speaks to me in the office is my girlfriend .
besides work , today sucked ass .
i went on today with only NUM hours of sleep , and the drive in the morning was horrible .
at one point , it got so bad , my daughter was .
i could only see for lights .
i hear my mom 's head off then .
i think i said something like what the hell .
do n't touch the damn , you 're only making it worse ! ''
yeah , the rest of the ride was uncomfortable as ever .
if you 're ever in the car with me , do n't touch anything , i 'll probably get a
got to school , did a parking crappy job , tried to stay awake in bio , while complaining .
feel asleep in math , then tried to do , maybe i miss to kill , dew and .
feels was great , was n't there , and i just knit the whole time .
man , it felt good .
`` shut the hell up for , i 'm going to fucking kill you .
after that , i 'm going to kill your mother .
then , i 'll move onto your extended family , and i 'll make sure i kill every last week
she thought i was joking , which i am was , but i really really wanted to people shut .
oh , i just wanted to is neck .
at lunch i work and used a chain of '' rebel '' to describe and be .
it felt good to explode .
in english , omg , worst presentation ever .
, it was n't as bad as about all the other .
bleh , just when i thought i was done .
oh , on my way to work , i had my scarf over my shoulders with the needles like a
as soon as i got to the office , i realised i was missing a knitting to .
i was like .
where black . goes , .
and i 'm like !
they 're hannah 's !
she 's going to beat me , rape me then kill me if i lose one . ''
homer yeah , but they 're in the office office , so it 's okay . ''
then i have hear fine . ''
i do n't trust black .
i got to the parking lot , and to my , the would be right there , where i have
good thing i do n't trust people , they 're such .
yeah , that 's right , you 're a liar .
. it 's mars . !
: it 's an than dumbass .
tell me why .
.
oh , yea baby .
my perfect tits award 's acceptance speech .
# NUM : not to mention , thank you to princess from this with !
for never ending support , literally .
# NUM : special thanks to work lee something husband , too for her words of wisdom .
no need to put yourself down .
you 're not bloody .
you 're for than me .
you have nicer legs .
whatever dude , it sounds the same .
and hey , you did n't need display my for the world to see .
who the fuck told you i dumped someone because their were a bigger than mine ?
* looks around * * looks as lost # NUM * : thank you k .
actually , i do eat dessert .
just not the weird ones they serve up front .
i prefer the economy class .
they have stuff like strawberry .
up front , they serve weird banana .
oh yes , i know i 'm not skinny , but not ?
how can i ever ? you ?
they come from different schools .
hahah , thank you .
NUM # : and dead , what 's your name ?
NUM # : thank you darling .
NUM # : lastly , .
no thank be here !
hahaha , i 'm offended .
i have perfect tits .
or else why would i be giving this acceptance speech anyway ?
oh , is n't this a bit too long ?
anyway , i 've gotten past the office .
my thoughts are over .
now , let me fill you in on my day .
i ca n't stay home coz dad and .
NUM called at about to ask whether i could go over and sleep .
he said yes , so i just walked over .
he stays like , at the next block .
NUM went over .
slept in 's room .
she was n't around , you see .
NUM woke up at about .
NUM my teeth , washed my face , but could n't get a shower before i left .
NUM so around .
wanted to go for breakfast , or rather , .
then i came up with the perfect solution .
i offered to make some night up for breakfast !
lucky boys and .
NUM we had potatoes and teddy , fried up in butter until almost NUM .
and heidi eggs i make perfect eggs dinner and bread .
did not have or ham .
so we had to make do with those .
NUM years out .
some stupid game called grand .
like , hell , it sucks .
NUM came back at about .
blogging my life away .
i was watching sex and the city yesterday from til .
hell , it 's good .
which is like , in your in stomach .
my next night !
hey its finally summer , and it rocks .
no school NUM NUM months .
wan na say alas up NUM my friends .
happy birthday megan , i hope your party goes great .
sorry i ca n't come .
i love you mom and dad .
goodbye everyone , .
everytime britney spears NUM .
my band - assed this NUM .
burn .
i want to say hi to my friends !
well a week ago at my work there was this christian club started .
i thought it was nice , since i am christian .
that same day , just because the religion group started , some person started an group .
that really made me mad .
the religion club is not forcing anyone to go .
its for people to go if they so choose , something to do at lunch , nothing is wrong .
but starting a club out of pure revenge of another club is just plain wrong .
the religion club started theres for a reason .
i wonder what the clubs reason was .
hey its finally summer , and it rocks .
no school NUM NUM months .
wan na say alas up NUM my .
happy birthday megan , i hope your party goes great .
sorry i ca n't come .
i love you mom and dad .
goodbye everyone , .
and NUM nick your the coolest .
i love you and trust you more than anyone .
i miss you so much .
i cant wait NUM c u soon !
i love you bro , .
i love you even though you cant say that back .
its like impossible NUM u .
well we fight a lot .
u still wont talk NUM me .
i still love you , even though you hate me .
peace out my job ' * * i ca n't believe im going to be a .
no more being a wireless .
im still stuck at , but ill deal were depp NUM NUM anyway !
.
do n't change , well except NUM .
well i ca n't wait till work gets out .
we leave at NUM am tommorow for six flags .
its going to be so much fun .
i want to say hi to my own the .
congratulations on graduating sixth grade .
hope u have fun in .
well i got NUM go , but stay cool my !
adios mi y .
last item on my agenda !
school is finally out !
just NUM days left .
one day for the people going on the six flags trip .
congratulations to all of you going .
have a great day everybody .
remember abortion is murder .
added from pesky x .
the couple look so together . !
i was mistaken president ''
i havent understand blogged '' in a while cuz i have been hanging out with real ppl .
nose grows i am not wearing women 's underwear !
nose grows
it 's a slug .
haha such a funny movie .
but i must say , dont take the little ones to see it .
yeah so umm hey what is up ?
i found the cutest .
it is awesome and cheap .
it is really good .
and it is .
it is puzzle .
i saw him at sara 's neighbors house and i remember sara and i moved his around the apartment .
yeah those were the days .
yeah that will work work got to go see so here hopefully exactly i forgot to tell .
yeah well my brother played there last night .
ok well see ya later
well i am feeling better i am just super tired and i took a nap .
also once again sickness i probably ate a little too much .
so i am thankful .
while i was thinking though more like after the first four games of .
i thought that i might stop updating this site for a while and just start writing in my notebook .
the decision hasnt been made yet .
even though it is nice that my friends can see how i am feeling on a daily basis .
once again i still have too think .
so if i do not update for a while people do not fear i am fine .
onto random ranting of the moment
if the job boys are like NUM years old how come they are not men ?
if a woman with a monkey would it be called a mark or a ?
if a woman has the excuse of pms for mood what do men get men ?
if people really do suck how come there is not as much sex in the world ?
if people are ass ' why are there no , people ?
why is n't our house as blessed as others when my dad is always saying god bless it .
why is there no animal ?
if there are alot of bands how come i do n't like any of them ?
why did .
was he born .
dose he have a soft chocolate inside ?
since god gives the gift of life , and then takes it back dose that make him an .
were is the blue man group from ?
did god make tv ?
if so did satan make commercials ?
why are people stupid enough to be by plants ?
who is smarter people or plants ?
why did n't god give dog thumbs ?
what would miss 's 's and the frog 's baby look like ?
if they got married would miss be called be miss the frog ?
if britney spears was never on mouse club would she still be ?
what was jane addicted to ?
what was simple about the plan ?
in a NUM is a on and a NUM is off .
that 's how a computer stores information , in a of and .
one space that can be occupied by either a NUM or a NUM is called a bit .
a of eight of these is called a .
not so with .
our culture is based upon everything to us , us sitting back and just letting it all fall .
because of this , they 've adopted to calling NUM a , not NUM .
this is apparent in everything from gmail check the from the last post to work on the .
the ' grasp to .
secondly , the word .
i 'll this post later .
hmm what happened today
that great be especially but well , what can you do
nothing really exciting happened in work today .
handed in the dumb for that '' project .
it was n't hard just stupid , as i commented upon last night .
in happier news : the kid with class # NUM may be getting for his bathing tonight .
our son instance is the man .
i bought a .
silver eagle , real nice gun .
i have to go get a mask and now and then i should be good to go .
i still ca n't seem to get the colors to change right for this thing .
i decided want i to be a cat .
dont ask .
okay well today was a little more eventful that i guess .
went to the movies with alex and then ran to rehearsal right after .
yah , i made quite an entrance .
and it decided to bang right after the last note of the song .
look , it ; s NUM : NUM .
i still have shit to do for work .
so i ai n't going to run through my day .
because it freakin sucked .
thank you and have a nice day .
if you do n't like it , , too bad !
* sings * one finger one , thumb one , and open , close and close !
i 'm beautiful today ! ''
-- that british cartoon
good day at work !
also an interesting one too !
also in see i gave mike $ NUM and he ate a of mud .
i say its really worth the money .
if you have n't seen it yet , you can find it in my website under the video of the
well i took two different of the test and have NUM as different songs ha , you .
i had a blast last .
went over to anne 's last night and i and she and megan went to el .
i had a little trouble with the by this just give me a break , i 'm taking to the
so after that we sent will a little bit .
then we went by amanda 's and picked up chad and dylan .
we made calls point yes i mad calls .
well , dylan did make a few with his man joy ride '' voice .
ahh that was fun .
i have no idea what i 'm tonight well with half the town gone at a band .
blah , who knows .
sunday i 'm dying paul 's hair black !
it 's gon na be awesome .
i need to find this purpose in this weekend , really .
give me a call .
-rrb- .
does n't he look like a clown ?
the party was fun , but you were not around .
you broke my heart .
you made me cry .
you are so hard , you left a .
this is your gift to me .
your gift of love .
you came and you stayed .
you came and you wanted to go .
tell me soon , i 've got ta go .
erin is a senior who is friend of , , and thomas .
i was n't trying to be nasty or anything .
death to hall !
now you 've ruined my whole air of mystery .
you know chicks dig an air of mystery .
now i need a new it 's , and not at all what it sounds like .
oh well , i 'll think of something .
oh my gosh i just thought of something .
what if some weird this finds this and my identity ?
all kinds of people are on the internet .
anyway , if that happens , i 'm taking yours .
your identity , i mean .
it 's only fair , since you caused me to lose mine .
i 'll be .
that 'll teach you to reveal my secrets online .
all characters in this blog are by .
any to a real person , living or dead is one hell of a coincidence .
currently listening to angels brought me here by guy .
a rather they song just came back not long ago after meeting josh , and a .
i really miss almost must .
we have had times too valuable to be for any amount of gold , at least to come for the
at least i had NUM months with them .
wishes dearest and the rest of the best of luck tip .
= 'll mi with a friendster for yesterday .
i felt quite sad yet touched .
the two pple bush i ca n't bear to leave would be sharon and her i guess .
she told dig this will feel !
trust made can feel fucking answer i am not alone
could it be possible shit son
i think it is NUM good days in a row !
this is going to sound really lame but i love life
i love staying up till NUM : NUM talking on emails about life with people .
homer about children is always a plus !
as my stomach was from eating ice cream , i chatted easily with people here and people .
but it is still cool .
technology is a wonderful thing and i shall embrace it !
love like you have never been hurt before and live each day to the .
now that i have been completely lame rob look what you do to me !
i am going to read 's NUM , yes NUM page page that she has yet to type .
damn limited computer access !
oh and you can now me from here !
just click on my name and it will allow you too !
stand up , stretch , go pee and remember that i love you !
oscar oscar came out this morning .
god knows he deserves it .
i love the NUM 's starts on july NUM and i for one can hardly contain myself .
i watched i love the NUM 's like an idiot .
only this time i can remember crap .
* * am in other news the .
i loved this video for a number of reasons .
i am a huge , huge linkin park fan and have been from the very start .
i like japanese anime and anime .
it 's all in the beauty of the office , and yes -- of the characters and the .
th lyrics are very inspiring .
more on that in a minute .
the rough yet of emotion pop out at you .
that is to say , slowly destroy or kill them .
they try to break the habit , but it gets the better of them .
finally , after much , they will to break the habit tonight .
they are and are the song on top of a building , it looks like .
all in all , it was a wonderfully done video .
i ca n't wait for their next album , and i sit here wishing i could see them on the
in the meantime i bang head my bang to each and every one of their songs in my cd .
park park is truly the hot shit .
anyway , the song sounds both angry and dramatic .
it looks as if the young man is carrying the concrete itself professor as '' a punishment for something .
it also looks like it 's to him , so he ca n't get away from it , .
older people are following him .
maybe they are family , for they looked .
* silence * ahem .
anyway , the song has some meaning in the fact that hard rock kicks .
and for some reason , i have .
the scenery is awesome .
so the moral of the story is , watch it .
games star fox is just one of the games in the wedding NUM indiana entertainment NUM .
nintendo power has taken an inside look at some hot new games coming out for and and .
they also !
and -- -- up for yourself .
, and others .
but they say both the !
and some good space and fights are what i 'm looking forward to .
and are the members of the star wolf team still alive ?
only time wil tell .
the game is scheduled to release this november .
but i ca n't wait for some good , alien ' fun , and it looks .
lastly is the short movie version of an upcoming legend of game due to release sometime in NUM .
it features an adult link -- let 's face it , folks : link looks hot .
the graphics are beautiful .
all three games are a must for me .
hope ya have a !
war and peace yesterday was cool .
brought some more 's .
slightly ! oh man it hurts so much !
when i have a shower i thought the water will perhaps it cool but no oh , just i have
working all day today .
may try and book a weekend off somewhere just so i can relax a bit .
hope your day is cool everyone !
merry new year .
well its NUM .
so tired but must read book .
* freaks out * . !
must start and finish english poetry project
oh well i might as well start with cleaning my job 's handle *
if you had n't been having screwing around , it would n't have gotten stuck . ''
now what is the person really talking about , guess .
so that is that story .
hahaha , that is the only way i can describe the movie that i just watched !
hahaha , it was quite entertaining actually .
the office and the meaning of life .
great times let me tell you .
so my dad left this morning for .
now this is the trip road that i was from off because it 's a little men 's trip .
oh well my wife and i get the house to ourselves for like a week and a half !
so we kicked off our week and a half of freedom by watching a movie popcorn which was a
well now here is something fun and exciting !
on thursday my mum and i might go see fahrenheit NUM .
i really hope we do !
so here is our golden opportunity .
hopefully we will follow the yellow old road and go see the movie !
unfortunately i 'll want to work , so i 'll bid you all !
public 3* currently listening to : inside out , eve NUM .
it 's raining again .
the sun is out , and it 's raining again .
i can see the drops between the leaves .
tomorrow does n't seem as .
my song ends , and the sound of the rain becomes less and less , but the feeling stays .
it 's like a nice , soft fuzzy , my eyes in a blanket of warm .
yes , this is n't a bad thing .
i just thought this was a pretty picture .
i dyed my hair that color yesterday too !
+ pesky = victory !
yea , baby yea
i look at them and their .
one says and the other .
feel green and wish more of myself .
do i try to keep that i am of ?
that i 'm not ?
i 'm talking about my writing .
my man , !
assignments gently gently .
you know , like something that , but does n't affect you .
that 's life , the way things are , it 's a cycle , and wheels of such have a
there 's a lot on my mind , about life , love and music .
my office , i pray remain with me .
i 'm listening to killer queen by queen .
i love it .
i love it .
dawn will be on tv tomorrow .
i got a little pretty large gift for .
he 's bound to like it .
weird thing to say after intellectual .
* sings hey do n't blame me !
nothing can shut her up !
* come back to my lovely !
hmm maybe if we use our powers ' we can bring them back !
every one concentrate and !
drill is n't it ?
, bet that did n't work !
it is a realy cool movie and i really liked it .
on a . side of things i have my working now so i can post those now too .
not sure how or why , but it is .
you would n't expect any better .
those who are those of the corner - have , never seen what the light can do '' .
so here 's da ' deal .
my mom likes to yell for no apparent reason a lot and .
so anyway today chase and i were moving things around the house to help get .
moving is not fun at all , so of course we complain .
and today that toilet over !
i was not informed of this .
my mom told me to pick up the .
chase came up stairs to defend me because mom did n't tell me got dirty water from the toilet .
i decided to go look for recording equipment online to keep out of my moms hair .
the rest of the day went as follows .
we went over to craig 's to watch by evil which was a relatively good movie .
we left after about a half an hour to bring home nick and then head home our .
now before leaving 's we decided that chase would drive because he 's NUM and it was past .
so of course we get pulled over for years driving right in front of my house .
we have n't told my mom about it yet we thought that was the last thing she needed today .
and that leads me right up to this post .
so dat 's it no more .
i enjoy i give up !
of full stop .
is n't it perfect how the memories feel the same ?
is n't it amazing how the song remains ?
time is wasted on money and money wasted on lust .
treat her like a lady and she 'll never get enough .
- josh .
got paid today , and i bought this cool japanese screen .
in other news , i am still alive .
hey today was the first night came over night and we had a !
we had had eggs toast and french toast sticks !
lol i cant wait till sunday .
well i think kevin will be on and i to want to him . !
because and the spider on the .
gross !
for some reason , i find myself tonight a little bored without any homework to do .
i guess you could say music helps a lot when it comes to work me down and helping me .
strangely enough , i 've been hearing a lot about people 's animals pets dying .
and there are so many other things that i want to address .
i wish i could just help everyone .
i do n't like to see my friends looking worn out and unhappy .
i 'll try to that resolution .
i 've come to the conclusion that there 's no point in having beef with other people .
it 's so much harder to hate than to be kind and friendly to other people .
so hopefully i can ? the guts to those few those people .
here 's a few things i also wanted to say .
you smart people !
i 'll be praying for him .
* , here 's your fucking place in the blog .
* homer , beautiful piece you made .
* dream , rachel , dream wink * have you looked at your calendar lately ?
think about what tomorrow is .
that should do it .
hello , my freaky !
jenn , aj is proud to join your blog of craziness !
unfortunately , i am from a NUM hour drive and therefore have little craziness to share with you .
however , i do have some wonderful .
i had a cuban in in in .
one night it blew up .
that 's how i got my purple heart . ''
`` stop making fun of my height ! ''
you have no height to make fun of .
go get some height , we 'll make fun of it . ''
and i think i jenn and i both understand this one .
it 's a great weekend , too .
is is just a that knows that somebody . ''
luck to everyone in all there hilarious .
i think everyone needs a little craziness a lot of the time .
today , the first day of domain square gaming has , and i 'm proud to get that i was
the response the from area was NUM , those ten kids who came much played than expected in the
let 's cut to the chase .
quite a handful of people turned up to help .
* : : runs in and hits a wall : : writer ?
it 's a day !
okay okay not really .
let me the day in detail , since i am wasting time waiting for wendy to call .
i just realized something .
i have n't prepared my gift for the this yet !
you say how . how ! !
it 's very . you know !
i think i am gon na take his advice .
even though it is not my original idea but hey !
i am gon na make it very nice !
today , finally talked to me .
like he became friendly to me and everything begin .
i am so glad everything 's worked out fine !
i hope the crisis would end up in happily ever after '' hey !
i learnt it in in today .
i got my bio practical back .
honestly , it sucks .
the only thing that saved me from department is the theory questions at the back .
i almost got full marks saved for one .
and it is ironic that thought .
because the theory questions saved my skin .
looks like jason is right , after all .
what good if you are good in theory , but not good in practical ?
sigh . !
today , we stayed back to do work .
actually , i am the only one doing homework .
the rest is either .
we '' we '' to me , , , , , and , .
i did n't complete history individually after all .
mainly because ah .
he said that he will do tonight !
i do n't want do n't history alone !
so , what i did was i completed history just now .
feel so guilty now !
money what to do tomorrow la !
wendy left me a message in her blog .
and here 's my reply .
i have full confidence in you !
do n't worry about it , okay ?
i will try to teach you to the best of my ability .
do n't worry .
what else can i say besides am do n't worry begin '' ?
good luck to your spoon ?
i stop stressing you out .
and i wo n't get stressed out one slob !
my boss , the sister of work , wants me to help her print .
i refused flat , even though she has to pass up tomorrow .
she is always doing this me you know .
and she keep saying . time '' !
when it is ever gon na be the last time ?
why ca n't she ask her friends to print for her ?
why must always depend on me ?
and she is doing this last minute weekend !
i hate last minute work yesterday !
they are extremely .
okay , my eyes are getting .
i realize that this is a sucky entry .
i got ta go sleep now .
okay , picture tomorrow .
i recently finished one of his many books , fahrenheit NUM .
an excellent book on burning books .
in the , i noticed a quote that i really liked and just had to post .
and the world is full of people running about with lit matches . ''
buy the book here .
read the at this link .
homer war is merely politics continued by other means . ''
i had NUM c 's , with things like .
and homer beautiful '' and man yes ! ''
and i really been up my job as usual .
but still , its the principal of the thing .
: : : : - my are hear coming home tonight so i should probably get go to work .
: : :
anthony and heidi ah anthony .
intro : oh , you did n't think we could do it again ?
i can make you a celebrity overnight give you ice like kobe right ?
we sorta like , right ?
different way we hit 'em , right ?
i just got ta ask you what you need ?
what you need from me ?
oh , you wan na be a star ?
yesterday , i set up my blog .
i don t particularly know why i set it up .
what devil had me up to do so ?
i can t even think of what to write .
i end up writing meaningless strings of words about why i can t write .
stupid . t it ?
i can t write anything personal here .
it would be the of from as many it somehow .
would i go to such an extent ?
i d rather be in the .
so now i have to find other things to talk about .
look at the lame stuff i in the previous post .
don t blame me .
it was pretty early in the morning and my office were starting to pay the price for being awake .
do i have to work .
i can t keep it up .
i don t have !
is it worth to start a blog ?
okay , to hell with that .
this might be the last entry for this profoundly blog .
every word i type is torture .
even my gp are n't this long .
you want to know what i did today ?
i went to my grandmother 's house .
nothing interesting other than eating .
i ate three of plates of fried rice .
not to mention one plate of woman time .
and , will arrive before i end the list .
i have work tomorrow so i am this this weekend now .
you have the right to remain silent .
anything you say or do will be used against you in the court of law or something like the
i 'm in NUM which i think is mrs. 's room .
if anybody knows for sure , please post .
sigh alright i its time to admit it .
im making it official on my blog im a .
its sad to say and its hard to say but im a .
it are all about peace and love and does i get a
today was kinda a a closing ceremony of the english week .
.
orange is the poll !
.
millions of years , for me , millions of , of for free , for last night by .
haiz why does cute guys always required NUM a b .
: p interruptions not exactly about little this president he 's name keeps on me .
i know almost forward 3m .
remember i love them my .
she 's hoping NUM c soon .
u told me happen between u both u think i wan na believe ?
oh slightly i expect it in n out remember ?
dun u feel guilty ?
u provide b a father soon so act like NUM .
yeah we finally get through our .
i lose NUM , i gain NUM i lose , i gain u can last great .
haiz u cum n go wat do u tink ?
am i a gal whom u take asking if u must , throw it if you ok per it .
beauty lies on e
it mean a lot NUM me no matter how ugly u r juz halo itself .
things make u feel a whole lot better .
u c , many gals may b pretty on their face but their heart ?
haiz so black full of hatred .
its juz a matter of how see holds their beauty .
show it at e right way tat 's e spirit .
tink u as fortunate .
i prefer e . ' k ' guy .
he 'll make ur life full of laughter , thanks NUM $ the help u given earlier .
it really mean a lot NUM me .
, made up my decision .
u go on over bryan i give up feel like stupid hehe .
but tat does n't mean i dun remember is my pictures take him .
measure me time NUM years myself .
, NUM e great meal u treat me this its tasty .
haiz im tired of u truth u r so naughty u think by growing teeth , and i can be
ish u better watch out im gon na bite u as soon as im getting .
ah , i had good times today i like being dirty billy .
thursday is n't wear your black underwear anyhow , my arse is sore and i need to be .
but it was all worth it .
dice really knew how to take the lead , and man , could ryan work that '' .
and yet so right haha
i just came back from an interview with blockbuster .
but i remain hopeful and optimistic .
it 's so real .
i will my new template
hi there i am to next malaysia on the NUM june NUM .
. i have heard people saying that .
. i am goin with my sister , mother , father , uncle and mi aunt !
. i wonder how does it look like i am really excited !
so i made a today .
whenever i have a hard time , whenever im feeling like shit im not getting to let anyone know .
im just 'd smile my way through the day and when i get home go in my room and i
i 've had enough of the drama and enough of the people that want to fix everything .
it 's just so fucking annoying .
it just gets so damn .
i just coming home and getting !
it 's just so much fun !
heh , reason number one why the line dies with me .
i got a white mini ipod and it kicks ass ! !
in from in arizona live is !
yes hello bob , as you said i 'm here in arizona visiting james with the boys .
so far so good .
we 're shooting off rounds at as we speak .
things are good , music is ok , back to you bob .
well , that sure sounds fun .
ok , now back to real life .
so yea , we 're pretty much just out out around the house .
tomorrow sometime during the day aj and i are often up to go the water park and female hunt .
we 're starting to see more and more girls .
hope we finally get some good in .
well , we 're 'll easily be a major run '' tonight , so i 'll write more later .
thats courtney , .
this was my birthday back in february .
they always really hard to get everyone together because well friendships with girls just come with problems .
sometimes friends get in , and the others are caught the .
regardless , it does n't mean they are n't friends , its more than likely pms , to much .
all the girls in that picture are my best friends .
i plan on being friends with every single one of them until the end of time .
thats the best part about best friends , they are always there for one another .
and they 'll up my ass cuz im a weekend and i love it .
like im that stupid ?
anyways why cant mt guys be turned on my all my teeth and class ?
lol i mean , come on people !
then again theres about NUM kids at my work , everyone knows everyone and anyone who is hot .
like i got ta go hit on guys that go to different schools to get any action !
hahaha maybe danny will appreciate that im not from $ this getting out in the middle of the .
i played some guitar today !
i can tell im improving .
im really proud of myself .
til next time * much love and *
im perfect im great , im .
everything is your fault u suck @ life while i rock @ it and in between .
i 'm a genius and i kick your ass at everything because what can i say am perfect !
its simple being perfect when about me and i have everything that have dont but wish you .
i have no flaws .
there 's no this fact .
i love this girl .
i love this girl .
says : really i love this girl . !
i love her and respect her from my bottom of my heart .
honestly i do , perhaps the choices i am going to make have to have her in .
i love you , .
i ought to count my blessings .
having several friends who to be by me always , i know i 'm lucky .
my , my own sisters .
i do n't know about the others although the unexpected happens when you are read .
i love this girl .
perhaps i am asking too much from people who are unable to give me that much within such a little
i really love you and i 'm willing to give you time .
though i hope something will work out from it .
i love this girl .
says : i know we share a special bond and nothing will change that i am not alone .
finally got cleaned .
i was there for NUM thank god for the sun screen .
i fear i 'll always be a white bastard .
my part is so i cant brush the hair and eventually it will .
and now not where about something else .
hmm tonight is .
and i do really care for high school days to think of my sister that way its great .
im sorry im such a fucking dog but hey .
im ! my life better than she did .
no im not but i like to think i better for my self perception .
i love the sis but i hate being compared to her , im no comparison .
i talked to michelle today , briefly , so that was some friend contact .
gd NUM days been this is gon na be a tough week .
i 'm old and bitter .
somebody buy me a .
it works several from work are in town so who knows if ill see him this .
he said we 'd hang out sometime but who knows .
i havent heard from him since friday .
arg its only sunday !
i 'm so tired of being a fucking !
so i 'll change my ways only to become but a different .
the fucking glory of america right here .
tonight that fat fuck called me called a liberal .
well makes thats person # NUM so maybe i am a liberal .
its odd though the NUM people .
michelle made a good point she said that they probably should consider themselves conservative either .
well ive ! my job out .
well some of them .
i shall resist in the future .
theres no point to it really .
so i figure ive watched a total of NUM and a half hours of tv since yesterday .
maybe if i didnt watch any tv i could convince nader prior to not run for president .
i kill myself .
i love the of i like to bla bla bla bla bla all night long .
i think thats from .
which i havent seen in a age .
this is a new one to me .
hmm i major the channel when i get off my fat ass .
aww jesus its a !
im glad he made anything recently he recently pisses me off .
im glad betty stayed with me .
i love my betty shes the coolest !
she could be out there the lake , taking big that .
and ill watch more tv !
but i am gon na get off the comp and back to my couch .
sidenote thank you im thankful for my faithful betty culture '' time until next time .
i want to be on spring break so bad .
all the private schools got out last week and i really want my break now .
where is my break ?
i 'll tell you , it 's three weeks away .
i just want out for a week , just one little week , .
is that really that much , i did n't think so .
maybe the weeks ahead will just be by , yeah right .
i found out who was lying , but i think it may have been this person not being in the
blogger is updating tomorrow , so new features to come , hopefully some pc stuff !
this snow is n't as bad as it least i 'm getting paid to bust my back .
it 's also good , so , i 'm not passing on that with the racing season coming .
now for my driveway , , stairs , etc .
how could it get any better ?
it does n't seem too bad outside for a bike , so today i 'll be going places .
and that means seeing friends .
oddly enough , with me not sleeping too well last waking up all the time , i have to be
i hope it does n't end .
the only reason i am able to type this is because of the fact were like a mile or
so i just wanted to noticable i love you !
hoping to see her such nice person , just like me lol *
till the next update which is take weekend take .
it was depicted bad let me give an official review for the two towers .
if you do n't want to read this , do n't .
the two towers had many good aspects to it , i noticed there was more rebel in this .
the return covered more of the musical aspect , and the fellowship just rocked .
i do n't think peter jackson this film with the right attitude .
also as i said jackson out scenes out from all three movies that were actually rather .
then he puts those scenes on the extended dvd so people will buy them and he can make thousands .
so in conclusion i hate and love this movie just as for hates and loves the ring .
i guess i did n't take a shower when i said i would 've .
then i took a shower .
called .
his mom answered and again recognized my voice or it could always be this id so yeah .
told me he was at jordan 's so i called his cell .
i 'm so hungry have n't eaten anything since NUM .
the only thing i had for breakfast was .
i 'm so freakin hungry and tired and sleepy .
i burnt a piece of paper in my job !
my fingers are so fucked up from !
-rrb- NUM fingers , which now from contact with anything with except air for , and got a .
homer 's worth it though
* * talking to park on msn again nobody else to talk to !
will came online but he 's busy so .
i 'll see him tomorrow .
that reminds me church tomorrow .
hm , i feel like dressing a little more like me probably a , jeans , and .
if it 's appropriate for church though maybe i 'll wear it to next time .
i ca n't ruin my hair tomorrow though .
wait , i got ta wash it with extra stuff to make it extra nice for grad .
thinking about all that work is making me hungry !
i 'm off for now
last night gets !
kept the game a wings victory .
top NUM in league : NUM .
detroit - NUM NUM NUM .
bay bay - NUM . NUM
.
boston - NUM pts NUM .
vote now with the poll !
a .
homer set night , the frozen for .
been thinking about this , but it takes too much space .
checked a bit of cards from and on the official web web site .
also saw some fifth dawn for cards .
also had a look at the really cool core set but so expensive .
i 'll post some cards i saw that are very cool .
know its a little late to be posting for tuesday , but what the heck ?
ill do it .
i was just thinking about what a best a friend .
but , what really is a best friend ?
hmm , thats a tough question .
i really just dont know .
do i have best friends ?
hmm just hear me what know one thing i think where is very make you friendships .
ive been in NUM or NUM before , and they just seem to do things , well know they .
has anyone else out there been in a friendship that has worked out ?
i was rushed to the hospital because i am in bed .
my blood pressure got low .
i hit my back and head .
i spent all day at hospital but .
i got blood tests , , work 's .
i may have a disc in my lower back .
severe headache . !
friday - early down take a christmas tree today , tall : .
saturday - christmas shopping / .
finally updated my site .
it 's about freakin time .
unfortunately , i 'm looking can feeling , slow it down ?
so do n't expect to see an update every other day or something .
just letting everyone know .
i 'm sorry but i must agree this on this one .
i was thinking it 'd be a hug or something , not realizing this was one of the results .
but yea , i really do think this is me where might agree , seeing as i do n't do
awkward word .
or some thing along those lines .
bits were funny in my head .
hope u r all ok love all it no - chicken night : this d kat : d .
btw , who did n't close a center html ?
it has been one whole exact month since i last blogged !
some bitch has been this me crap !
to .
firstly , i would steal hear anyone 's bf !
second , yours truly here is still her broken heart so no for now !
, get for your f facts right .
this is probably why your bf left you in the first place , dumb !
triple , , their .
scroll not getting the this one !
it has real in the plus it will fave !
a bit from work !
now i feel fat !
thanks .
whee the national is gone .
four days gone in a simple breeze .
it really tells that time really flies , or perhaps fly faster than the speed of light i guess .
but we could n't prove that according to self method i guess , perhaps in the artistic mind i have
it can also tell us that life is really short with perhaps a quick test of life on the
i was .
it seems rather far to me that most would write such blogs of and pathetic content .
if you have nothing to write , then do n't write at all !
but looks like i 've left out the gossip club .
besides , the world can never go round without gossip .
in a meantime , humans need gossip to send any boredom that .
even people back in the stone age were on which to marry as well .
it is so to have such actions done for it the mere meaning of .
we are humans , not animals !
ali looks like my level was getting too high .
should n't be too ' already !
homer 's songs are 's so nice to hear , especially can you keep a secret traveling .
yes , it 's this way .
but , i 'd prefer to hear her health n't teach they so nice and she writes her own .
= thinking about , i wonder how do .
like for example , when do you know how to use email when or do you know how to do
it is really difficult for the office to communicate in .
action i guess too much is too much .
i have to work to the night now .
a very wonderful night !
ok so twice in one day may seem like an awful lot , but it hey !
i just had to comment on the dancefloor outside of my window , truly its beautiful , and i had
the clouds are kind of a light a pink , and with cream !
the are like floating of candy of candy !
and then there is a part of a rainbow , it reminds me of the calm before the storm .
yes thats it they are storm clouds , oh i can only hope they do n't live to .
but not in the summer please .
i want the summer to return outside instead of just in my head . !
i can see blue sky trying to break through .
my swing looks so tempting out there
, granted was convinced i had writers block , but i wrote so i guess i dont .
why cant i am when i write ?
i wrote this about ago and am extremely .
cheers and up up !
today was certainly not the ideal day off .
it was pretty .
so this morning my mom offered to take me out to lunch , which is always loads of fun .
it was pretty nice - we went to the .
i love that place .
afterwards , we decided to go to the bar to pick up my glasses .
so we got there and started looking at the el ones because my dad wants me to try .
so i am sure to have a permanent from work from now until after college .
i could n't stand them , so i said that we should just try the .
enough pay , my mother left the .
so now i 'm tired , have a fever , and i still do n't have my glasses .
this is when my mom decided she wants to go work shopping with me .
so we look around and , of course , do n't find anything as usual .
we got in the car and drove to the cafe .
i waited in that store camera for what felt like forever with nowhere to sit down and nothing to be
i started feeling sick to my stomach because the air in there was kind of weird .
we finally left and got my manhood from work .
we got home and i took some medicine for my sore throat and went to bed .
i slept for an hour and then got up to do homework .
i was supposed to see my car by this morning 's area i managed to get out of it .
so here i am , feeling awful , doing my homework .
i want a .
i found a cure for people for using their mobile phone at times .
i call it the gun '' we lost by a landmark NUM - NUM .
alas , etc .
but it happens every year so it was no great surprise .
and to all those different bet on i ask this one question why ?
anyhoo i 've been into action and am writing something which i post up on here sometime .
as you can probably tell from my title , at this very moment i 'm blogging at my next night
do n't worry , the kids are asleep , so its not like i 'm ignoring them or anything .
they are the funniest kids in the whole entire world , let me tell you .
for .
on top of their names , they are just super sweet .
they 're ur typical little kids , so they happen to be very into the rescue and stuff .
after the action figure display , i got a request to watch boy and the weed ' agent .
oh yeah , i almost forgot : this has a nice to .
it was honestly the city thing i 've ever experience while babysitting !
~ * ellen * ~
i got my cards rite this time and his stupidest .
my father got the results from half an hr after i woke up .
but it was paying than nothing .
i set off to work again after a month of holidays .
assembly was boring , a hell lot of talk .
but was trying his best to work me , who else but every fat pussy cat !
he kept calling my name and when i look at him , he turned away .
now tt 's definitely i call a gay act !
let 's juz hope tt he does n't see this .
anyway the day was pretty talented and i was pretty tired , i even am simply forward too .
definitely not those in my office , pls dun get the wrong idea , her taste is n't .
but still , my god !
i am .
who wan na see these NUM . face face ? ''
pointing at the fat cat pussy and the lil ' pig !
tt was simply mean of me , but still hehehe .
lil ' pig was pretty by it in and had a strange family of reaction .
the fat pussy cat on the other hand , kept quiet cuz he knew tt was basically the truth .
i realised during f period almost ' beer ' poor flying '' , not enough money .
he became happy in this flash .
haha , and many do u forward , the fat pussy cat was there and he wanted a treat .
curly heidi lil ' !
@ # $ % ^ !
he is so damn rich and impressive be the one who treat me .
sincerely , he always claim tt i 'm mean and unfair when it 's actually him .
well , thought , i ca n't be bothered bout ' him .
i had to stay back after work to complete some work given to me for an english workshop the
and i were in class to recommend the job , but we can pay n't could concentrate .
we decided to tell being this tt we decided not to be from tt thing .
we told her , but changed our minds in the end .
so we will stop to , suffer and do it .
juz do !
after tt , we decided to provide a meal , but the wedding centre was closed !
we decided to grab some stuffs large and ate them at the office centre .
well , tt was n't enough , the portion was so miserable .
we got some will seeing there and ate along the way to the bus stop .
my bus came first , but i chose not to board it in order to spend some quality time .
i am spending time spending by the ones u care and bout ' is important reasons .
it 's rare almost of both us spend time together , but i 'm glad we did today .
i know there are others who i spend more time spend -- , it 's but so like hard .
in order to spend quality time wif , i think it 's almost release 's be expected and i have
nobody else recommend be there .
tt 's how i feel bout ' spending quality spending time is .
definitely do u think huh ?
i 'll leave ya until this thought .
till last , !
gmail love it , hate it , gmail will come soon .
i happen to be a beta
i love it , there is no banner ads , no stupid ' to put up with .
it is how email was supposed to be .
man , i love sunday nights during summer .
it 's because the tv shows totally rock on sunday nights .
i usually start at NUM watching either fox NUM 's sports show , or a of of his .
then i go to channel NUM to see .
man that show rocks .
after an hour of that , i sometimes see .
either that or more sports shows .
i go to channel NUM to this watch show this call with . ''
it 's so stupid , because it always talks about either , .
either way , it 's still interesting seeing all the dumb talk .
at NUM one of the best shows man has ever known comes on .
homer work , texas . ''
holy shit , that show rules so much .
i mean , chuck kicks ass like there 's no tomorrow .
not to mention that he was also a NUM time to world champion .
if that does n't kick ass , then i do n't know what does .
in chuck : a total . ''
NUM is generally when i take a shower .
NUM : NUM is when i watch .
however , they usually talk about movie history , so it 's interesting .
that 's why sunday nights kick ass .
mind you , there is a lot of joking here so do n't get too offended .
here it is : : holy crap : ?
what up not much here just chillin being exciting home , listening to music .
trying to find a new look for my blog because i want one that fits me know what u .
oh , well fuck it
ok so this blog is really starting .
now i think it would be a good idea to add someone else in so please give me your own
here is a statement i have found : man is born free but is everywhere in .
mom : wow did start having in them ?
i went shopping today .
: - i bought two dresses , on sale .
heehee , its kinda funny , they 're completely different .
i love trying on formal dresses .
they make me feel pretty .
like maria
i feel pretty , oh so pretty , i feel pretty , and witty , and bright !
anyway and i went to visit bed and gave her her birthday present finally her birthday is .
tomorrow i 'm driving to
i want to stay home and talk to my friends well , everybody 's leaving tomorrow too , i 'm
. : sigh : .
last night , i had the most fun sitting in my room by myself i think i 've ever heard
wow , that makes me sound like a pathetic loser does n't it ?
and i had forgotten how incredibly insane is .
expect this to be a very long and crazy entry , people .
it 's the NUM in the morning and i 'm totally on a sugar high , yo .
: d , today well , actually , yesterday , i went over to work 's .
^_^ that seems to be all i 've been doing lately .
i like hanging out with him .
: d so , anyway , i went over there at around NUM : NUM and woke up .
he did n't look too happy about it .
sorry , .
: d we stayed there for about two hours , most of that time of us eachother of the
we see after around NUM durham 's mom decided to stop at mcdonald 's for food .
i was n't going to get anything , but !
want so , see great people now is an alien who were only eats about once a month .
' other we went back to his house to eat our food .
but did 's friend who was over , took my food thinking it was his .
i left his house at around NUM and got back home around NUM : NUM .
since , you know , i live in fucking now apparently .
i got onto the computer immediately , since it 's what my life around pretty much .
, go losers !
^_^ - very .
though , i was wondering what do .
i mean they mostly in around religion .
^_^ - both my husband and i write our own .
- the .
3m - i want a long dress but i do n't want it to be too , .
i think i 'd really like a job one with an coast long train and a simple really , i
' other - we drive away in a horse drawn by the and then , of course , there is
oh , and a lot of candles too .
also stolen from bruce box - food , only the best - a bar of course .
what 's a reception without crazy , drunk family making fools of themselves ?
also stolen from bruce sleeping in , that 's my wedding in a .
not that any of you care or anything .
and of course , this is that i actually find someone who would want to marry me .
^_^ that 's always enjoyable .
=p and now i 'm sitting here writing this singing .
unfortunately i 'm really glad none of you can hear me right now .
i 'm a horrible singer .
> .
.
: d i love you , .
: i went to the dentist today and i .
: yay .
: were talking about !
: i dig hear where that came from : what gets mine says !
: i saw a man in a skirt and guess knew was hanging out the bottom i love .
i was looking at my legs last night , and they really look terrible .
i even have the cheesy tan lines .
you know , where that dog is biting the little girl 's bathing suit , showing her white butt .
actually , that !
why do advertising companies think they will sell more by showing a little girl 's butt ?
is it supposed to be dirty old men ?
teenagers who go to work most of them to avoid those type tan lines ?
little girls who want a puppy ?
ah , that reminds me of work bob .
are you ready kids ?
i ca n't hear you !
, who lives in a of under the sea ?
-rrb- bob square pants you definitely want to leave now , now before i have it in my own .
i can sort of do line , but that 's as far as i can go .
yesterday we went to farm , today we went to the park !
ah the joys that does sound like a good idea - what kind of food is it .
which i 've already established
i could n't hear him !
we went into and then went to 's , where we watched loads of wrestling , it 's a .
i hate triple h , he found the alleged , i also saw this today scary !
i do n't really know the story !
but when .
so i did it !
i walked home , watched .
i slept in this some morning , so i only got NUM holes in today .
i think the weather could be particularly as i was as dying .
anyway , i played so much better than yesterday , i shot NUM on a much harder course .
i could have done better , but my apparently all decided to go about NUM yards from than i .
that is a complete , quite frustrating .
however , it was encouraging .
i finally got to see day after tomorrow cody and chad .
it was pretty good .
some of the effects were a bit weak , but they would be hard to do .
we got our popcorn $ !
i certainly realized he worked there .
i should be able to overcome this however .
hm start at the beginning well , i wo n't go into 's against the .
they 're not mine .
i had my first week scheduled at at the spoon tech center .
i showed up , spent about five minutes my husband .
they require you to empty everything !
i could n't have a reconnect or keys .
i had NUM minutes for each test
both took me NUM .
went from there home , then went to guitar center and got some heads .
isk 's .
i did n't replace my desk head , 'cause it sounds fine .
oh man my sounds awesome !
my is hot and when i get it set all up with rob 's double bass .
then to work practice .
ugh , how do i figured that much ?
i mean , i got it after a bit , but i sound so bad on my own .
i can .
ugh hm today really had no emotion until before just this office , when i was having .
now , you know my ?!?!?
i 'm not telling what went on , but let it be known that it was hardly encouraging .
i certainly hope so
i just need someone to hold a cuban to love me .
not to say that all my female friends do n't ' me in the way all friends do n't see
on to phase technical application .
we signed it for research , our awesome girl !
i head sure my at house , so its right here .
ii : the voices of light practice
but it 's ok , i 'm bringing my drums .
i expect a standard practice .
if those wireless do n't listen , i 'm going to have to bust out some .
and do n't think i wo n't .
i 'm fed up with childish crap
it 's time to get serious .
off to youth group .
past all that has spoken . !
their pics - well , i 'm not ready by my job in buddy info and here .
i am so excited bc i am leaving for work city in about and hour !
i am gon na miss you all very much !
made some good progress on the ride emily and i are working on .
prolly gon na finish up either tomorrow or saturday , i think .
actually , maybe not tomorrow .
actually , maybe not saturday , either .
but definitely before monday aka .
the due date .
but now , what you 've all come here to see .
today , he decided to eat his in a way that well you decide .
and you may not even want to see him drinking his milk
i think that 's all i have for now .
hopefully , i 'll have some better material for my next post >
i woke up this morning , .
most of my day of you guessed it new review night !
i am like determined to do good on the final .
i did every question from the review from every unit today .
so now i have like a million things to ask about stuff i am not sure about .
i am going for help another job on , and will go to the review bio on tuesday .
wednesday i have to present our drama final project .
last night i went to bed 's house for dinner .
it was just the two of us , it was a candle lit dinner with rose .
he made the meal himself .
it was good and pretty nice of him to think of such a think .
i was n't expecting it , and i was pretty surprised .
i am just worried about a few things .
i am pretty sure i am right too .
first of all , i am pretty sure he likes me for my looks , more than who i have
he even said i had you but you find me good , and i assume you think that same .
strange or coincidence , i will be the one to soothe .
i do n't think so .
just cause i lost NUM pounds before , does n't mean i am going to loose anymore .
so i think he only likes me for the way i look , that really really really bothers me .
i went out for an early dinner and then to see the orchestra wives .
that was literally the only time i had from studying all day working here and taking a shower .
however , i am done for tonight .
and do my very best .
and i keep thinking how i got that habits of mind award thing for grade NUM .
oh how i worked my ass off for that .
it feels good in the end though .
to know my hard work and effort paid off .
it 's a good feelings .
unfortunately , so long blog until next time
NUM in the morning right now .
still , i sleep .
= read my last post . ?
cant you see . ?
im trying to kill of boredom by being dramatic as my sensitive side is .
im gon na try and get some sleep .
im kinda in a bad mood right now .
i am so bitter .
or else he 'll remove my tv set in my room .
im NUM , you know ?
last night was one amazing night .
she 's so wicked and if you do n't know her then you better because she 's so amazing .
the day started off when i had to work which was n't all that bad and went by so .
i ended up spending my whole break with her and dana which was really fun .
but i then had to go back to the to work to finish .
i got home NUM her early so it gave me plenty of time to get ready .
i walked to her home to pick her up and i was introduced to her parents who were really .
we then walked to NUM .
when the music topic was up i thought i would give her the surprise i bought earlier in the
i reached i not my pocket and placed it into her hand .
just the expression on her face made me so happy : > .
we wonder it to the movies and we chose the day after the tomorrow '' .
it turned out to be an alright movie and just to share the experience with her was magical .
we proceeded to walk home and i learned just so much more of her personality it was great .
she likes everything that i do so its pretty crazy .
i dropped her off at her house and that 's how it ended with us making plans to .
nice pink line now .
current song : .
remember that bit about having to wake up at NUM : NUM ?
i actually just woke up an hour earlier .
that is how awesome i am .
haha , just kidding !
actually , i have n't gotten a hour of sleep !
i finally settled down into bed around NUM or so after talking to for a while and packing .
i had my dog with me , and around NUM : NUM , i fell asleep .
at NUM , i woke up .
i was burning up why did i put on a blanket with lying against my legs and the .
gee i 'm dumb and had a .
at around NUM , i had enough of lying around and got some apple pie .
i ate , drank , and got back into bed .
i got through it one and a half times before deciding that enough was enough .
i got up , thoroughly angry , and .
i need the sleep , man
i need the sleep !
holy crap , i am so out of it , but i have insomnia !
i have ' insomnia ' !
i am extremely tired .
i can feel myself flop down into any chair , bed , or couch i sit in .
i 'm barely aware of what i 'm doing .
i do n't know what to do !
i mean , everything .
i even be sheep .
you heard me -- i am sheep .
come on , look at me !
i 'm a mess !
but i ca n't sleep !
curse you , !
i 'm going to see time i 'd wait for tonight to come home so i can call to .
i need it .
hmm , i also need breakfast .
maybe i 'll get some .
i walk in other girls do to so this is in group '' i sigh great .
i am in the process of changing my blog template and this seems to be a rather complicated process .
it make take a while .
cause what is this from unexpected . '' stuff '' .
scroll my son 's deep thoughts . '' !
eh , oh well .
it looks better now than it did an hour ago , trust me .
tell me if you like the changes .
i saved my old template so i can always go back to it if i really want .
i felt like shaking things up a bit , though .
new year new style .
it was starting to look boring .
now i got a fancy .
we watched this night tonight .
i really like the song this world company '' which is playing as an meets his destiny near the
i am unsure of the return date , but when i 'm back i might call you or something .
then again , i might not .
some people just need to write .
today i am feeling very intelligent .
as in i am understanding and so much , i know that i will short work sometime tomorrow .
's graduation party is saturday and i am really looking forward to getting to see everyone again .
but it 's tragic to see your friends leave .
thank god they are not dead or anything .
do you color your hair ?
i used to , it stayed for quite a long while , hate it have tattoos ?
: no , will never have in the future have the below the waist ?
: nope , hate body have a ?
nah never own a ?
i wish to own a .
: * .
yup , in a few moments ' time have you
stolen anything over $ NUM ?
never , i am so innocent ?
for my super , cartoon and any and dreaded related stuff panic ?
exams , thats why i hate exams anxiety ?
everytime , even right now ?
thought of , scared to do it
okay , so i went to 's summer league game tonight , and i actually got excited .
i know , i 'm retarded .
tonight at the game some chicks were walking in front of us and started talking shit right office .
but anyway , they just kept talking and finally really loud just yells bitch !
and the turn around and really say , .
yeah , we were a little pissed , but then figured if we were from we 'd be .
i really want to play on the slip when slide like bad .
yeah , that excited me .
they thought i was spending at 's tonight .
i guess all the power to them though .
that love making is the same love making that made me .
so good for them !
anyway , i 'm going to go , because i want to talk to john .
have a good evening !
this is 's second with the white sox .
the .
can scroll out of the contract after this season .
the club option is worth $ NUM million , but the . could have bought him out for $ .
hey everyone how is here !
so have fun and keep checking on this web for your responses from me !
talk . you to guys soon * * i also have a blog for people who need help with the
it was a good day in the life of michael today .
it was at work that we played with things , got free with and finally , got the seniors .
after our adventures at work , we came back to my .
we didnt do a whole lot of fishing , we mostly just our sun , which by the way of
after the lake we came back and work was dropped off at 's sp ?
after this i left , all alone , and began my journey to find a party .
after the party i came home and that brings me to my current state and position at the computer .
ok well im headed to bed now .
how is that any good for your body ?
oh well , as long as those i care about do n't get pulled into that mess .
i remained sober of any products last night .
now , i did n't read the book , but i read the first NUM pages and then the
instead , at the very end , picks out a black !
alright folks , its official .
the , coolest band is n ' .
we 'll do multiple rush , the , who , the beatles , and covers , covers .
this much talent , has never been in the history of the world so get ready for a .
i read today that the beer .
ok , he has up a decision , no questions about it .
but death .
it 's a game so is tennis .
the sun 's this was worrying .
guilty of being the best we have , or had .
the .
but that did n't go far enough .
so , they attack the players who they have the most .
they have to come up with work like ' .
apparently .
hang on , would n't we have won without that by decision ?
so surely is up is to it ?
and what about ?
when he went off injured , the said something along the lines of england being screwed .
what was the point ?
first match vs greece with portugal by winning .
last match greece vs portugal with greece winning .
why did we bother ?
yea i said stuff but that is because of your attitude to this .
after a few days i 'm sure i 'll stop , i always do unless your lisa .
you know you are your own person , not just some of others .
the northern , parade rehearsal , cell group meeting and probably going to avoid wedding star , annual dinner .
. i am an weekend !
. i am not a catholic not a christian . and i 'm no longer .
damn , theres nobody online all cos of them are having training while i lie around at home .
hey , the lion will lay down with the and it up when you was too again .
what to post , really ?
i 've hardly done anything for three weeks , so i 've nothing to talk about .
you are a serious person .
yeah yeah , fun is fun , but there 's also work to do ?
you 're not childish at all and you hate being joking around .
then why are you doing a quiz !
lol .
i 'm a damnit .
stupid ha ha ha ha !
i think your name shall go down into history
and i love 's music !
boy , am i bored .
, i keep forgetting to get something to drink .
and it is so fun to sing too !
^_^ and now i become another person who writes those very words .
so you ca n't put pictures huh ?
well i 'll try some art later .
yeah so that secret that had been eating away at me well , the whole family was told .
what was it you asked ?
my aunt tried to commit suicide why was the whole family finally told yesterday when this happened a .
because she tried it again .
i knew it was going to happen , but i did n't want to believe it .
i 'm in shock right now , i have been all day
i 've tried doing things to keep my mind off it and i ca n't .
i feel so bad for them .
i do n't know what to do , not that there 's anything i can do .
but , oh well .
i 'll just have to sit around and worry .
i just hope this time they keep her in the hospital for a while .
i feel like shit how about you ?
posted by @ NUM : NUM pm NUM comments
today was college day .
man that was one boring ceremony .
everyone was not really paying attention and playing cards on their own .
after that , went with .
that he always skip email but still so clever .
takes two s papers my god !
one of them was .
suddenly , im so inspired to be like him .
going my grandma 's niece party job .
have not seen my relatives for quite some time .
but i think it 's been would be kinda boring .
since the ppl going to the party is each adults the almost fired has to set on jpservicez .
luckily , my whole family will be going .
anyway , lots of work to do !
wan na finish them by tonite .
can or not .
i do often keep as i 'll do chinese .
today was not so bad .
as has a wedding , feeling incredible atmosphere to it now .
i can enjoy myself in work much more than usual .
after work today there was a lot of in the tv .
room while i was working on my english project .
so there is this kid at work that most people do n't like .
but he usually does act like he is better than everyone else .
i guess the reason i did like him before was because he was smarter than most people .
but now certain actions that he has taken have shown me that he is really is the same as the
maybe a little , but who is n't ?
this is a very thing for an intellectual .
instead of saying , .
an to learn would help him much more in his job , especially in something that he desperately .
but who am i to ?
tomorrow i think i am going to talk about my favorite cd .
well what have we here ?
a case of ?
from joe 's shirt is ugly in the pbgs of the practices from sea '' .
mary , lord of the rings was a crap set of movies - movies ?
jesse , send me an invite to the discuss this '' blog '' please .
most cars on our roads have only one , usually the driver . ''
- carol , .
- paris , baseball .
unless we lose game NUM . ''
- charles , nba basketball player detroit china is a big country , by many chinese .
- charles de , former french president football with players football games football . ''
- chuck , football coach in most lies about the are false . ''
- , some man , if you give a person a fish , they are fish for a .
but if you train a person to fish , they 'll fish for a lifetime . ''
it 's time for the process for human to the enter a system ! ''
i am so damn sorry my apologies .
i need to talk to you .
your not going to india .
but i wo n't let you get on that plane .
i 'm gon na call you the first thing when i get home i 'm at college .
we 'll talk tonight .
this is the welcome message from google when you first sign into your gmail account .
notice the job on the left , which i 've had to black out some for privacy .
they almost appear as .
notice the light advertising on the right .
far cleaner than yahoo advertising .
overall a very clean screen .
as i have time i 'll point out some other interesting features when viewing a message .
began tt all =
, jr
i thought i was going to die , you had no idea how much i just wanted to be .
because usually that would be back all day .
but my mom came back after about a half hour , from the gym .
i thought they were in but they told me they were going after they got cleaned up .
so i wo , i have nothing to do but sit here and watch her , so ill just be
so we went to virginia , went to work , new just a new cups , and other random .
and alot of other random places , and then went to eat a .
it wasnt that good , and considering i was sick all day , didnt make anything better .
all cindy did today was whine , we havent seen her in about a week , and all she was
so a very very busy day tomorrow , better get some rest ;
ooh , and on a different note , how long do you think it never be before french teachers .
we 'll just have to be ready for it when it comes , i suppose .
only i wo n't remember almost only had NUM % -- to go , and thats it .
.
i have been : d apart form around that there 's nothing new bleh : / .
-rrb- starts monday at NUM : sharp .
so it should be lots of fun !
i fixed my !
seriously i am so happy that it is summer .
i have had nothing to do for a month almost .
i finally got my book for my deployment project .
it seems so boring and .
but i have to read it .
also the french classes were n't on there , but hopefully i will have at least one .
if not it 's business law and foods .
right , , and , i had an interesting little weddings last night .
: can you believe it ?
: pigs are flying ?
: fire in the pbgs . and !
however , bill was - there was no other word for it - cool .
: oh , he was tall of , with long hair that he had tied back in a .
he was wearing an .
: is n't it awkward being on top the first time ? '
: i picture .
: or the whole scenario ?
* so sexy !
im too tired to be one so this details tomorrow i love here they , had a .
: * *
things to complain about : stuff .
martha 's an ass about it .
suck it up , martha .
calm down , .
you wo n't get invited to every party you want to be invited to .
it doesnt mean she doesnt like you .
you 're not her best friend and she could only invite so many people .
dont be so offended .
or was it this ?
when had have been on our excitement and am like what is that is , ? ''
and does very .
taste it and find out '' and am like how am i am supposed to know how much tastes .
thats worse than has been does doing that .
because then started next do to say that shes in her mouth .
* homer * not my pure , sweet , innocent emily !
shut up , bobby .
i didnt like your tone , alright ?
run , you know you want to .
its so hard to resist . ''
shut up , guys .
but bobby i i dont get no respect from him .
leave me alone , alright ?
do i love her ?
was i glad she came back ?
did i want to talk to her right away ?
am i going to run up to the car and make a fool of myself ?
i think you got ta pick the kind of stuff seeing new it be crazy about like .
run after her when she 's coming to talk to you anyway ?
run after her when work 's already doing it ?
run after her in front of a bunch of people who know we 're friends but do n't know .
i if thats quite . set up .
after work , however .
i did run after her then .
and its an empty .
i , theres a difference .
things to be about : did n't find out !
we have a .
burned for and related .
in car when she pulled in .
really got ta get to that .
before i forget about it .
i get distracted and run out of things to say .
good news is that tomorrow when i get i am one .
where should i drive first ?
note to all of my friends : you are n't allowed to like my mom at all ever .
she does n't like you , and she never will .
she always looks for something to yell at me for .
that was what she decided to yell at me for today .
anyway , i ca n't stand it here , because of her .
i try my best not to argue .
i guess i can ignore her .
anyway , everyone 's been really busy lately .
therefore i am forced to entertain myself .
music tends to do it .
the and dancing should be combined .
that would be some sweet dancing to sweet music .
i got ta go now , because i am in trouble
that week its also our first exams !
hi events .
change the . cover
i havent told you shit in a long time .
and frankly there isnt much to say .
scroll left this morning and i already wish she was here with me .
theres no need to question it or anything like that .
i wish i had better thoughts to share but right now i just need to keep to myself a .
im in house .
im hoping music can take care of me .
i love you all , most of you that is mikey
in do '' .
there was a of cheers on tonight .
i watched for four hours .
four entire , whole hours .
you know where they ended the ?
and sam stops her at the last second , saying this so is this weekend ? ''
this is this election . ''
had cute . ''
sam turns to chase after her , but .
homer 's feet are shown through the window turning back down the stairs .
she .
i mean , what the fuck . ?
who ends a that way . ?
what happens .
what annoys me the most is that they wo n't pick it up where it left off .
i 'm not gon na see the emotional and .
boy meets world was n't on tonight .
and also , will everyone please stop pointing out that i ca n't talk !
what is with you ?
sure , it 's funny that i ca n't imagine some things .
i , it 's really funny .
but not when you make me say them over and over and over and over and over .
it 's ok if i deserve it , and am like am hah you dork , you just said .
then you can say !
but if you 're just been and feel like being an ass , leave me and my job to be
here , you can even just use this little helpful list and pretend i 'm there saying it .
curse you for ending on such a terrible note .
curse you .
it 's not that it was a bad episode .
it was a great episode .
it from my episode .
but you can be a real .
how do i look ? ''
you be it ahead . ''
but why would they end a on that episode ?
you do n't know if she 's really coming back .
you always knew rachel would be back .
from the pilot episode you knew they 'd end up together .
when she got on that plane you knew she 'd be back .
but ! is gone .
she probably comes back .
it 's happened before .
but not like that .
damn it , the show 's over , and i could just read what happened online , but i have
not that it really matters .
coach dies , comes around sector , and that new boss lady shows up .
homer has to be gone at some point .
but damn it , i want to see the episode that comes right after the i just saw .
and i most likely never will .
well kids lets see what interesting though has today .
i last night i told my mom dad what it was another home that his kids had unhappy .
we had a NUM hr conversation bout it .
i what shall become of it .
they listened though i dont think they will be able to change any of the problems .
i know i cant change people .
i if i 've really accomplished anything .
i mean sure it was probably good to tell them how i feel .
but i dont expect things to change .
i really cant expect them to change their personalities .
i think this is a problem that i can not fix .
i 'll get over it .
but i did realize poor the other day .
it was actually pretty funny cuz it was here i had never thought about .
so here 's what happened .
i was thinkin bout friday night and how i got attached and too serious with both of them .
i was too .
i asked for too much .
and i realized what i wanted was love .
not just any love .
i was looking for something to make up for the catalyst to you can not get from my home .
someone to remember me and hold on to .
i honestly thought i was in love in '' .
but that was n't what i wanted though i thought i did .
i wanted to be hugged .
i wanted to be wanted .
i wanted to feel appreciated .
it was the job that i could not find at home .
that was the love that i am for .
i 'm smarter now .
i know what to expect and what to not ask for .
that 's it for now .
here it is .
it is the only job on the internet that is correct .
and you do n't even have to tune !
because that would suck .
fourth of july was pretty good i guess .
we went to my grandparents house and shot some fireworks , but they do n't be several things as much
i have more fun playing with .
it was me and alan and a bunch of .
next year i 'd like to use all our money to buy one big .
that would be much more fun than just a bunch of little ones .
hey .
i know what you all need !
on what you may ask those two lovely questions that it took me so long to get nick .
why he did n't want his friend budget to talking me .
his answer -- -- she is his friend , and that us talking .
why could n't he just tell me about sara instead of hiding it and leading me on .
his answer -- -- he told me the next day because it had happened that night .
right after he got off work at NUM : NUM i suppose .
or at least sometime in between him getting off work and then coming to my house later on that .
oh well guys will be guys i suppose .
still !
well , nick if you read this .
i am not really pissed off anymore .
i just wish you would have told me that night about sara .
well off to ashley 's
dinner was good tonight .
of pork of pork , , .
now i 'm like really full .
michael r one love - one god - one way
boredom + awesome cd = i got a new website today / two words : freaking awesome .
especially on time is running out , sing for , and syndrome .
probably the best album i 've ever bought .
my new favorite band .
$ well spent .
but i should get them for a flat price
pay no attention to the last entry
i was just having fun and messing around with justin .
i really did nothing , i mean well yah i guess i did nothing .
it was such a boring day , for some reason i have been having a lot of appreciating here .
yesterday i got my shots and my family and i went to jim and their friends of the .
while i was there i got a new office game driver NUM .
i also borrowed a movie
the witch witch project .
i have not watched it yet but
i hear its good .
today i helped my aunt and uncle pack their stuff .
i guess they are moving from county to somewhere near indiana .
so they will live pretty far away so we wo n't go and see them as often as we can
tomorrow i am going to pick up my uniform for band .
i hope that i will see some of my old friends there .
but who really knows ?
we will just have to see .
to be continued
weird
i 'll be giving out the answers on june NUM .
i have n't received as many entries as i 'd liked to see .
all please go through this log entry .
remember the deadline : june NUM .
so as you may have
i 'm bored at the moment .
but then , i 'm usually bored , cuz the play is all done !
and talking to .
well today it is suppose to be the actual day of my birthday !
but the celebration is tommorrow . .
today the chemistry presentation was screwed due to something called , i do n't want to elaborate about the
oh god how did i get to this . !
oh well happy birthday to me , ok gon na sleep now , .
, what a cock .
jobs way i usually work to do work , and on monday i got till training !
it 's a great magazine as it always has been except for what i 've noticed recently .
none of this has been immediate but a job to what seems to me , a lower quality .
in two thousand two years got a make over in an attempt to appeal to a larger crowd .
at a promotion promotion .
will my be new ?
we 'll all see in december .
oh by the way , in the words of ryan i say on the self note , to do it
hi everyone * ha .
* um well im going to start in a weekend this .
i hope its crunches .
how lame im gon na go sleep on my keyboard only ten more minutes individually .
i tend to get myself down way too much , especially when i do n't even know the full of
yesterday was actually a really cool day .
started out i went to work , which was the usual nothing wrong with that though !
oh yeah , yesterday was also .
all it all that was pretty fun .
i also got some pictures developed i wo n't get them back until sunday , for woohoo then .
i probably will get the gifts today though .
oh yeah , i forgot to mention , i stayed home sick from work today .
i did n't sleep too well last night .
this weekend is going to be pretty slow , which is exactly what i 've wanted for a while .
planning things gets me stressed , though i like doing them .
i 'm not really worried now .
i took the doctor test , but i did n't complete it - leaving a huge hole .
basically , i missed out on NUM marks and i 'm bloody well pissed off .
though , i am n't be for long .
tomorrow i 've got company , or as i like to call it , the bloody impossible .
i 'll try but no doubt i 'll fall at the first .
in , i 'm glad that i 'm doing the - the office - that would be great .
i was n't keeping track of the time , but i doubt it was more than NUM minutes walk .
i then found another italian store , better than 's but far worse than son .
i 've got to get my ticket tomorrow , which i must not about .
i really hope it 'll be as good as it was last thursday .
* waves * i 'll try and post later .
well last night was indeed fun .
me and the mentioned in the entry before this one decided to go to the cinema to see the
again , except all the cinema 's were closed !
so we were walking around town looking for an open cinema but we did n't find any .
so we ended up buying of and up going to my house .
i got just a bit drunk but we had a really nice night !
i miss her now .
i never thought she would show any kind of interest shows what i know .
anyway , today is christmas day !
i on christmas day suck .
my little brother woke me up at about .
to be honest i was n't expecting too much .
i got some nice stuff really .
a really cool digital camera which i was looking with buy for christmas money anyway !
, about NUM years now !
, loads of art equipment , some gift a wallet , and some other useful things picked me .
just finished christmas lunch and i ca n't breathe due to .
i 'm gon na sign off now .
i fucking hate life right now .
i 'm having one of those mental break downs , where everything in my life is just going to .
well last night was one interesting night .
my family did go to sleep , thank god , and i got out just fine .
i am my pants .
she told me i better get home right now if i wanted to have a good summer .
so us NUM . to my husband , work going NUM on the .
i was scared .
so i went to bed , and tried calling alex , and he answer 'd his phone .
i think he 's pissed at me , and i really could want him to be .
but by the time i got to bed , it was about NUM , so getting up was hard to
i felt incredibly sexy at work , for not for days NUM , and dead , tired from the
but i didnt really care .
she and i have been through so much together .
i really do believe that i 've ever been so close to a girl friend before .
she was there for me through so much , and i was there for her through so much .
we 're such losers .
but it was funny .
so then i took a nap .
because what else do you do when you have nothing at all to do .
so then i wrote a letter to ryan .
man i miss that kid so much .
i am started crying when i was writing his letter .
i dont think that i 've ever had that close of a guy friend .
he 's the only the guy that i trust .
it took him NUM years to build it up .
i 've known that kid for so long .
and i miss him incredibly .
i wish people didnt use drugs .
it 's so confusing .
i hate it all .
i just .
that i was so fucking scary .
i just hate anything that has to do with screwing lives up .
but i alas !
fuck it fucking all .
it 's a jeep and it 's in and it 's only $ NUM !
and my parents are even seriously considering it , whoo hoo !
well , more details to come
this is big brother .
the application process for big brother NUM is now closed .
ladies and gentlemen , prepare your for another summer of complete and utter practices .
i 'm sure , but the first time was quite interesting .
it was new , it was a bit of a laugh , it was okay - but this is a
please , not another summer of strange freaks in a house trying to prove them to be somebody to be
it ai n't good tv anymore .
what is good tv ?
well the new channel three is sounding quite a good idea .
fat boy slim is having his own , should be very good .
the diet is a bit , and the will probably will get lots of complaints , but never just .
anyway , if you are interested , in three on sunday february NUM at .
so i really have n't have been to say , i might as well live in a ditch .
however , we do have something to keep us going four day weekend !
but i am washing cars for money to go to !
so it 's all good really .
jo , you asked me about the different sized text ?
i have made you all a little guide to explain size etc here .
any other questions , just ask !
who knows the shadow do
see , i can update on time .
time for a victory lap around the house !
* .
well , now back to business .
as usual , my life has been very how you say good .
see , not only did i have lots of fun yesterday , but i had lots of fun today .
yeah , well , yesterday started off with the not going to run .
so , i got up about an hour and a half later than i would have if i went to
i instantly went to play and played for a good bit .
i actually got to right before i beat her today materialize .
so , the day passed by and i was happy .
then , around NUM : NUM , the rang .
well , i was been let it better right when there and , but i did n't .
so , i did that .
why wo n't anybody i ask buy me a for my ?
we played for about NUM hours that night .
this morning we played for another NUM endeavor .
fun game ai n't it ?
again , i did n't run this morning .
it took a while , but we finally got to go out and ride our bikes all around .
then when we came back i decided to go home .
there , i quickly not really beat the crap out of from and soothe on it .
well , i 'm out .
i 'll see you all later .
have fun , and stay !
' . '
i 'm really starting to think should have been in the matrix .
seriously , ca n't you just see him reaching behind his back to ' and then what the .
he 's got a , run !
from now on this site will be devoted to my one and only hero tom green .
god bless you , sir .
god bless us all .
this is where i want to work it 's like heaven only better !
: listening to : liar , liar - the NUM : NUM
well , i dont like the new blog .
i had just got used to the old one and now they go and bloody change it !
add only NUM more days until i go on holiday !
yay , i ca n't wait i 'm really excited now , it will be good .
i will come back really and i can rub it all in when we visit the park maybe .
well i have to noticable .
two nights ago i went to a memorial for don clark , and it was a good .
my dad used to write about him in the hill news .
don this last summer .
so , NUM days ago would have been don 's birthday , so we celebrated , had cake and
also i was thinking about seeing as life is short , i should write about things that are more .
if something were ever to happen to me and you were to read my journals , .
you would find worthless shit about like guys i had on in the grade .
where as i want to let everyone know how much they mean to me , and about my life .
: - ok well peace ,
> > oh who the hell am i kidding there is no way i can from my usual .
i just had to tell my friend what meant animosity and i can not even hear if he is .
so i also be ready to happen in my life in all all .
there are things that i want to happen or maybe .
as i told my answers see i have a tell .
i believe it is true but i .
that i let the this thing effect me so greatly .
oh well i will just figure this figure out my on own whatever > >
yay , the six weeks is finally over .
and we get a three day weekend to finish it off !
the only real constant has been water for , and even that wasnt all that great this week .
oh well , its over and next week is a new week .
i hear all this stuff about these , and its all very confusing .
.
a bunch of guys went over to house last night and we played halo .
talk about suck , it was me , brandon , steve , and .
after that we rolled the basketball down down to the street and played midnight basketball .
haha : i have achieved my goal , in six weeks i have only appreciating once !
inspired by
i need a massage so bad .
i 've worked out the last NUM days and i 'm in the worst kind of pain .
chris , i tried to call you !
but no one answers ?
i 've gotten hooked on friends , and i 've even learned some .
and you better answer !
pirates of the weekend !
what movie do you belong in ?
many different with !
brought to you by quizilla
i 'm sure because nobody i know is on .
most of them are on their way to california for bible quiz .
maybe you 'll run into them , .
most likely you wo n't .
but you never know .
so , i 'm bored at the moment .
but tonight i have bible study to look forward to .
but in between now and study , there will be a values .
the of the people here knows no .
i was told last time , will we discuss will things here that you wo n't get a chance .
you may feel uncomfortable at times . ''
i 'm really looking forward to that .
i just have to remember i 'm work at least a $ by being by here .
which comes down to NUM bucks an hour if you the time i sleep .
so i 'm making money right now .
i 'm getting paid to blog !
guys , seriously , are you being serious ?
it 's ok to be , but all of what you do must to some level of the .
seriously , if you do n't get seriously serious , i will seriously kick the serious into your own .
if you 're clever , you 'll find a seriously in the name .
i just wanted to seriously show this criminals how the film of sense to the blogger is n't .
so , if you think you are standing firm , be careful that you do n't fall !
NUM . NUM NUM : i think this was one of my biggest mistakes in my prayer letter .
if you think you are standing firm .
i think i am standing firm but that is one of my biggest mistakes i said or have said .
wow what does firm really mean ?
it also : no has has you except you what is common to man .
and god is faithful ; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear .
but when you are tempted , he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up .
NUM . NUM NUM : i guess i too can be tempted .
do jason pays them to do so ?
common sense tells you thats very darn dirty with acceptable in today 's world !
then who 's malaysia best ?
i am kinda lonely right now , but i do n't want to talk to anyone .
i 'm being a drug again .
i was so happy today .
it was a smile most of the day .
right up until my mom said we were spending NUM days in a car rather than NUM .
i hate being !
then i just got quiet and lonely .
i did n't want to hound to bed where i wanted her somewhere around me .
i feel really bad about .
i feel like a sticky moron for freaking out over .
i want to be writing right now .
i should have picked up a notebook today .
i really want to write a story .
that does n't happen often .
i just need more .
i guess that would be better because i can actually directly relate that way .
i need to find it and type up some things .
my problem is i always get stuck and i have a hard time everything together .
why do you have to have feelings i can hurt ?
i 'm not doing much at all right now .
there are so many things i want to do but i do n't have any .
maybe i 'll get a for my site .
yeah , run fun .
current music - rrb - bring me down current eats - just finished a current feelings - .
one which my virgin would not have been able to .
well my friends you were right .
well i saw a woman take one .
crazy talk crazy ! ''
or for others to see ?
if you do n't understand today 's ?
today was a pretty damn good day compared to the last few weeks i 've had .
i got all new classes , and things are finally starting to look up .
and i 'm happy the year 's almost over .
today i hung out with my friends , and as much as i feel wiped out , it was a
i went on a .
well , i 'm going to go lay down now .
i was n't mad at him , just in general .
argh , oh well .
i was reading some old posts .
anyways i came upon one were it said something about a planet , with crazy annoying bitchy people .
so i decide im going to continue on that .
but it wont be directly on annoying bitchy people .
it needs a name how about planet of the freaks , staring freaks !
yes that is what it shall be .
planet of the freaks has an of people of .
freaks are what the people are called .
you see the freaks are well , you know freaks .
this is a planet we all live on .
but a planet that is different from all others .
it s a lot like earth , but it .
it could n't be .
earth is supposed to be perfect down to every single detail by someone else , someone are you .
the planet of freaks is far from perfect .
we control our own actions , and make our own .
we turn which direction we want to .
we sing , say , the way we want to .
there may not be a problem with this , and it may sound perfect , a ? ''
do what you want type deal .
but planet of the freaks is not perfect remembering this .
you are by all by that you do .
and your actions , what you say are looked down by others ; it is n't good enough to be
every single freak is picked on , in the little .
this planet of freaks does n't seem so wonderful does it ?
all freaks need a place to escape to , a place to be alone .
but not on this planet .
there is no .
at this point earth seems like a distant wonderful place compared to the planet of the freaks .
but you see there is one small detail if you have n't figured it out .
earth if you look deep inside is not perfect , you are still by a to some everyone to be
earth is the planet of freaks .
hannah yes that may not make sense .
but eh does it look like i care ?
hehe usually happy happy happy usually crappy getting lame im !
it was the last episode of for love or money and picked this morning and did n't pick it .
then i watched joe NUM .
they introduced a new girl amanda as the new jane because figured it out .
now is one of the .
it was the usual except for today it only lasted an hour .
now i 'm at home watching .
tonight amazing race and big brother are on which will be a night well spent !
god , i am f * * love moody !
* shakes head at the and rolls eyes at self *
i 'm still alive .
i do n't exactly know why i 've been this past week or so .
it 's something i 've very this kept myself from .
sidenote : i have absolutely no intention of further . this already movie .
i think has already paid enough for enough that .
i 'm just another someone typing out words and posting them for everyone to see just because i can be
i watched the movie last friday , more as an excuse to skip yet another boring apartment lecture than the
and so i went to the cinema , myself for a dose of extreme violence .
that did n't happen , though .
the violence i encountered from jesus ' up to his was called to other bunny of other movies .
it 's not as if jesus ' .
even tried his best to prevent the outcome .
despite all that , though , i think the film is n't at all perfect .
sorry i missed yesterday , i was with my buddies .
well i had a game today and we won !
still i went to target and got his son .
tomorrow i get to go to his and go .
it 's be being !
i bought him this baseball NUM .
well before that eric and i 'd a game of .
i got to throw a tennis ball at his balls !
it was a fucking .
well anyway right now i 'm being bored and waiting for someone to talk to me on .
well i 'm done for now .
granted will bleed will .
or will darkness ?
the legend of another coming soon
if you read my blog , then please visit : and support me !
i 'm feeling sort of depressed ?
i guess thats what it is .
right now i feel like performing on stage , or making a demo tape , or a bad job .
being even depressed for a little while of the night for me because i 'm mark .
i 'm almost never depressed .
anyways onto another note i have something to talk about that involves friendship .
see , today i am something that happens a lot between friends .
* oops * a mistake , something that humans make all the time .
then today her friend invited her to sleep over and we were all heading in that direction so we can
she got there and her friend was n't there .
so we hung out for a while and she went back .
so for everyone out there friends do n't get back at friends . !
it 's just totally wrong , it makes people feel like total shit and friends do n't do that .
people have done this to me before and i know exactly how it feels .
just remember that the next time that your thinking .
well my babe , stephanie , is hurt .
i do n't believe enough about what jobs , and i am alot .
so it about am NUM as i need to get this stupid homework crap done .
i need to tell my bud about this blog so yeah .
so i have posted ready for this ?
that is insanely a lot .
ha and most of it is pointless and stupid .
maybe when i get NUM tomorrow . i will have a celebration .
ok hmm and .
how can we check ur blog if we do n't know the url ?
this country needs a wonderful change , or i 'm leaving .
it 's falling into the hole with them and climbing out together . ''
this is my dragon another lonely friday night .
so on thursday i 'm leaving for america jr .
how is everyone today ?
im ok i guess i could be better who everyone could .
today was a normal day .
all the periods today were fine .
well in art it was freaky choice where the kicked .
if no one we were all been waiting get saturday school .
i dont know if someone said it was them or not but i hope so i dont want to be
anywho other than that today was a normal day .
my bf and i were ok today .
i little fight but nothing big .
i wish there was no fights but all relationships have fights no matter how perfect people NUM are .
at the moment i am so hungry and i would even know why .
i feel like having taco bell but i have no money to get food .
at the time im talking to eric .
i was talking to share for a number yesterday but he had to go .
oh wait now eric left me to .
well not really but he is talking to cat and i want to be there .
my birthday is coming up .
im so happy like .
if i get money im going to treat myself to taco bell .
good stuff right there .
oh another good news is that weather is making this thing where people vote one of between NUM .
the girls are grace and i and the guys are and daniel .
as for the girls i know for gon na win grace .
that was a given .
it was funny as hell though .
well this is where i end it today .
yours always : little me : :
no more talk of darkness , forget these fears .
i 'm here , nothing can harm you my words will warm and calm you .
let me be your freedom , let . dry your tears .
i 'm here , with you , beside you , to guard you and to guide you .
let me be your shelter , let me be your light .
you 're safe no one will find you your fears are far behind you .
christine , that 's all i ask of you .
christine say you 'll share with me one love , one lifetime say the word and i will follow the
both share each day with me , each night , each morning .
christine say you love me .
you know i do .
both love me that 's all i ask of you .
so i sure is n't really like bush but i really do n't like michael moore .
head on over to and check out what they have to say .
please note i am planning on going to go see this movie and will report back about what i am
sigh friday is just not my day reason is friday because the is day when i have .
i hate it .
sigh if not for the piano , my day would be so perfect !
sigh not only me , even my sister thinks that she is always this time is so .
i hate blogger .
die die die . die . !
like i should have said , i noticed you guys were saying how this blog is boring and empty .
that 's because i 'm not here .
: ' love prince of tennis !
i was sure once when i was NUM .
i 'll snap all his bones , twist his wife and them .
i will cut open his hands and legs and fill them with alcohol and salt alcohol .
comp wont be fixed for quite a while .
so i was a gentleman and told her she could come with me .
allison was gon na come too then she went to go get something for drama and told us she had
so my mom finally arrived and allison still was n't there .
then we just left thought that we figured she could is a afternoon home if she was n't back to
and we then we left .
hope she makes it out but she 's a beast either way .
happy birthday day .
and . people .
scroll ur awesome lol i was in the weekend and wrote to want my students called reagan this .
though they get really , ai in the ca n't be shot at .
life without danger is a waste of from .
i fought the lawn , and the lawn won !
life in a .
unless mailed two are only the beginning .
you 're only young once ; you can be immature .
his suicide please hold . ''
all work and no play , will make you a manager .
as i said before , i never repeat myself .
a thinks twice before saying nothing time # city # NUM , you 'll never use all that .
do n't confuse me with facts , my mind 's already made up .
do n't talk unless you can improve the silence .
everybody wants to go to heaven , but nobody wants to die .
i 'm a nobody , nobody is perfect , therefore i 'm perfect .
just what part of had no '' did n't you understand ?
has anyone seen my key ?
sign on baby 's : spit happens .
a stupid question , get a stupid !
a day without sunshine is like , you know , night .
energy fart in a jar girl laid in . may soon become mummy
i can please only one person per day .
today is not your day .
tomorrow is n't looking good either .
there are NUM kinds of people : those who can count and those who ca n't .
have not it easy .
they can eat what bugs them .
where there 's smoke , you 'll find my wife cooking dinner .
travel the world , meet interesting people , and kill them .
two rights do not make a wrong .
they make an .
well , yes and no .
i was only looking at your name tag , honest .
quick , call a witch doctor !
my witch is sick .
strip a forest forest .
endless love : .
sidenote : five million people , fifteen last names .
i ca n't keep up with the simpsons .
jesus !
can i trade this job for what 's behind door # NUM .
for sale : .
the .
hangover : the of your of .
stupidity is not a to .
life is having eat dessert first !
when women are depressed they either eat or go shopping .
men another country another .
* dont hate me because i 'm beautiful - hate me because your boyfriend thinks i 'm not .
having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a weekend section in a swimming pool .
you ca n't scare me .
i drive a school bus !
life without danger is a waste of from .
i 've discovered that i often visit the state of confusion , and i know my way around pretty much
smile , everyone loves a moron .
my family puts the fun '' back '' in work .
instead of getting married again , i 'm going to find a woman i do n't like and just .
ah , yes , divorce , from the latin word meaning to rip out a man 's .
roses are red , are blue , i once thought i was ugly , until i saw you .
just because you have one does n't mean you have to act like one !
my computer never doh .
creativity is great , but is faster !
you never really learn to swear until you learn to drive .
how does be find so many women willing to take orders ?
looking for a helping hand ?
there 's one on your arm .
my mind works like lightning one brilliant flash and it 's gone .
never trust a who 's married to a travel agent .
i would like to help you out .
which way did you come in ?
which of my enemies told you this ?
i know , kung , fu and NUM , other dangerous words .
in fact , i 'm lying to you right now !
who took the off off my lunch . ?
for sale : NUM set of morals , never used , will sell cheap .
drugs have taught an entire generation of american kids the system .
do n't play stupid with me - i 'm better at it !
do n't ask me , i 'm making this up as i go .
sidenote : a dollar with all the taxes taken out .
are days for those who are thick and tired of it !
crime , sex , alcohol , drugs boy do i love congress !
they took the word out of the dictionary !
: one wife too many .
: same thing .
welcome to the church of the holy .
i pray my wife ran away with my best friend .
i sure miss him .
no amount of planning will ever replace dumb luck .
never a pig .
you both get dirty and the pig enjoys it .
the trouble with life is that you 're through it before you realize it 's a thing .
if you think there is good in everybody , you have n't met everybody .
the of someone of watching you is to the stupidity of your action .
you 're twisted , , and rotten to the core
i like that in a person !
i 'm not crazy ; i 'm just a sane person trapped in the body of a .
i 've given up trying to escape from reality ; they always find me anyway .
everything i need to know i got from watching 's island .
famous last words : what happens if you touch these two years -- .
if blind people wear , why does n't have this people wear ?
happiness is your 's picture on the back of a milk .
this website may not be idiot proof , but at least it 's .
do n't worry about -- as you as grow older , it starts avoiding you .
the two most dangerous things in the world : a with a computer and a with a .
i think animal testing is a terrible idea ; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers .
you 're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings .
support .
a bird in the hand is safer than one .
they told me i was gullible , and i believed them .
reality is a nice place , but i would n't want to live there .
just the fifth -- the or drink -- it either way .
do n't play with your food , especially after you 've already eaten it .
death is life 's way of telling you - you 're fired .
live fast , die young , and leave a good looking into behind .
homer is a rebel , the earth sucks .
i used to think i was .
why buy shampoo when real poo is still free .
he who dies with the most toys , is , nonetheless , still dead .
who puts those with thin ice '' signs out there .
where there 's a will , there 's an .
when fly , are they allowed luggage ?
when it comes to thought , some people stop at nothing .
what would have happened if .
take a bath with your neighbor 's wife !
out of my mind .
back in five minutes !
if you 're and have , can you read all right ?
is it possible to be a closet ?
do n't take life so seriously
it 's not permanent !
an authority : someone who knows lots of things you could care less about .
a friend in need is a woman indeed !
my mother : a travel agent for guilt trips .
read backwards eat american his ten million ca n't be wrong !
not all men are fools some are .
no matter where you go , there you are .
my opinions may have changed , but not the fact that i am right !
sorry , but my karma just ran over your .
computer upgrade : take old bugs out , put new ones in !
my brain just hit a bad .
for : for two .
sidenote : a case for holding dead .
give me or give me something else .
i 'm not a complete idiot , some parts are missing .
confusion : a hungry baby in a bar .
a husband is someone who takes out the trash and gives the impression he just cleaned the whole house .
if we are what we eat , then i 'm easy , fast , and cheap !
americans are getting stronger .
twenty years ago , it took two people to carry ten dollars ' worth of groceries .
today , a can do it .
the only thing wrong with a perfect drive to work is that you end up at work !
stupidity does not as a cuban , a park elsewhere !
i 've gone to find myself .
if i should return before i get back , please ask me to wait !
if you think talk is cheap , try a lawyer .
i could sit and watch it for hours .
did you hear about the who loved children ?
he just the is of little feet little
always borrow money from a from .
they do n't expect to be paid back !
computers can never replace human stupidity .
this sentence itself : no , wait , actually it does n't .
the most enjoyable form of sex education is the method .
you know what i hate ?
indian no , i take that back !
if walking is so good for you , then why does my ? look like the hut ?
you know sometimes i get the sudden urge to run around naked .
but then i just drink some .
it keeps me from !
in the meantime words of an art history major : do they want fries with that ?
i 'm not very good , but i 'll give it a shot
fuckin .
wat did i do .
where did all my colour go to . . ?
my mother assigned me a book called the '' it should be called the valley called of the .
it is the worst book i have ever read .
the story is about a teen guy that has to take his NUM thousand !
sheep to this place of doom also called the .
somehow , toe broke her toe .
you 're crazy , lacking .
dont go breaking your toe .
tha 's not cool .
* lonely * ; ;
quotejill : : .
i 'm so mccartney .
but i 've got all my ball photos back and loads of them are so !
i am really pleased with them actually , except i 've got my eyes shut in loads of them .
it 's all f really !
talk to ya later guys !
hi i thought i would try posting from my phone
hmm , i just saw ?
they 're pretty good , even live .
i 've even decided to buy the album .
i love .
either they dun reply or reply very very slow i m so tired i need to get to the
hi : - yesterday luke , austin , brad , and myself dropped off in coffee .
we screwed around for a couple hours , .
* and laughing at drunk people .
eventually this got somewhat dull and we decided to catch the bus home .
so here we were , four olds walking by themselves along the highway towards .
thinking it was only about NUM miles away , we took our time .
many minutes and about NUM miles later , we .
NUM : NUM with still two miles to go .
we picked up the pace and attempted to run the remaining NUM .
about mile later , austin and brad .
luke and has continued , leaving the phillies two boys in the dust .
what was wrong with ?
from time i called , !
little did she know we had just ran NUM miles in dads wet clothing to tell her a lie .
some other peoples ' kids ''
falling further away from you why didnt you hold on ?
maybe you just didnt care anymore im sorry i figure help i still love you though i 'll .
only like ten or nine days till .
it 's gon na be awesome !
hopefully i can make things right with god there .
i 've kinda slipped up a little bit the last few weeks or so .
know gets me either .
i feel like a book closed to the whole world and never to be opened to anyone .
but sometimes they are and they get locked shut in my mind .
than god for this blog .
even though it 's my second entry .
: i 'm to make things up with and get things back to normal .
she does n't get me .
noone gets me and i 'm that right now .
do n't worry about it .
we 'll talk later .
you talk about me with people !
i just finished watching a very dependant movie .
its called .
last night we had another meet .
sarah and jenn did really well , they both got personal records .
went and told all her friends that she won the .
she 's been ignoring me lately and she wo n't tell me why .
anyway , i ran the again .
i still did way better than my first race , but i did n't do as good as my own
so , i did n't get a pr , but i did n't do horribly .
my dad took me home after my race , so i actually got to sleep some .
today we had no practice so it was all good .
other than that , not a lot is happening .
i 'm writing like crazy on the office , but i need to get back to actually posting .
i 'm working on a new game with , which is incredibly fun but almost exciting as well .
then i have exams starting friday , and i have english and this friday .
but because it 's exams i also get out two hours early , at NUM : NUM .
i probably have practice though .
is mad at me .
i do n't know why .
i just do n't understand her sometimes .
she just makes everything into a joke .
i think i 'm done now
i think the best word to describe someone you do n't like is .
not that i have anybody to hate .
but is n't it a great word .
it .
plus it just rolls off the tongue .
it 's as delicious , but evil as .
i love that word .
not all of my cds are in there , but my favorite ones are .
rent , , print , carrie michelle in the old one , and a bunch of the .
i 'm .
i need angry music to listen to but no , it 's in my fucking cd case !
i 'm not ready to get before i really wondered is the international and screen something or .
i went inside and it looked like he was having a party , it was with people with .
eventually i made my way into a huge room , that was in the middle .
around the outside of the lower part there were tables lined with food .
it also seemed that most of the people there were spanish .
so i wandered around the house for a bit and met up with my parents and by that time .
i remember i was in between these guys from work , .
by my legs were their bass -- since they play bass and electric in a band .
after a while , . stood up and played a solo .
i do n't know why , but i reached down , picked up jordan 's bass and started .
the was going crazy over .
after his solo , started woman taking at me , asking why i ruined his solo .
i said i was just trying to help .
then three started around me .
i fell to the ground and swearing up , while two were somewhat at my neck .
and mission update i can complain and complain .
i guess sometimes you do n't know little things until someone points it out to you .
i 'm stressed and mad .
i think it 's in off .
i am trying to get things settled .
but leaders in my group are stressing me out more than ever .
i think i 'm just about to go bye bye .
i need to get through this .
bad part is it 's only the week !
maybe it 's just the long hours , the food , and the hours of sleep i get .
it 's hectic for me .
i have to get up early and then my body is like no energy .
so i have NUM more days til the mission trip to mexico !
i ca n't wait !
i need the break .
i think also i need to work with younger kids .
i 'm all stressed out by the my head started hurting and too .
also we went ice skating today that was fun stuff .
so the medical part of this trip is really bugging me .
i do n't get it .
i already got my a and now !
i think i can survive .
so also things are going to be much more different in mexico .
i need to remember to drink water .
i 'm on it now NUM things of and i 'm good .
also wearing .
please pray that i wo n't be too stressed out on the office trip .
i feel like i 'm really stressing .
also that is going to be a little more these days these next of weeks .
yeah , you know , one of those days where i do n't have much time .
i got ta leave in twenty minutes , wish i had n't wasted so much time earlier .
guess i 'm going to have to hand write it while i 'm at that this weekend .
wonder how that 's gon na be .
quite frankly , sounds like the perfect opportunity to put on my suit .
you know how i am around people i do n't know .
or at least , brian and my husband do .
in other words , i do n't seek out conversation , i let it come to me .
and , if and when it does , i 'll try to be .
hopefully , i can bring my guitar or maybe not .
do n't want someone to mess with it when i 'm not looking .
honestly , i dread the of this thing , i 'll probably end up and getting depressed .
but that 's the worst case scenario .
i always thought the worst so that it ca n't get worse than what i expect , it can be
ack , got things to do , must leave now
when i was this today at .
it was n't bad but the thing that sucked was that i had to a kid during the city .
he was kicking around and getting off his seat .
kids are just so energetic and this one thinks that i 'm not a .
that just wore me out completely .
it 's reached the same level as having sex for the first time , or the first kiss or the
oh well , hope you are enjoying your summer .
- isk uh
i never said that it was a cool thing nor did i make a big thing out of it .
in any case , it has not reached the level of having your first kiss or having sex the
at least , i do n't think so .
lol personally , i think those two things are a hell little better than this blog .
; - speaking of kissing , is there anyone that could teach me how to french kiss ?
race : are the of all of their races , although they are generally a bit smaller than humans .
the are , , in , although , they can be killed .
after a thousand years or so , they simply pass on to the next plane of the .
primary class : are the .
they sing , dance , and play to make other people happy , and , frequently , make a little
they also tend to in magic a bit .
secondary class : the magical .
anyhow , books spell , and long hours in the library are their loves .
while often not physically strong , their mental ? can make up for this .
find out what by character you are , courtesy of software ?
i 've figured out how my luck with girls works !
it 's not that they do n't pay any attention to me at all .
it 's just that they do it in !
sorry if i bore you , that 's my life .
and that 's it .
i 'm going back to bed .
your energy is grey .
your thoughts are , , , and confusing .
dark thoughts or depression may be your true colors .
it may be that you have been hurt and rejected , or maybe you are just , dark and .
what color is your energy ?
brought to you by quizilla shadow .
you are an angels made from shadows .
you wings are powerful this understanding .
you love to hide in shadows , and are a natural at night .
you enjoy showing whose marriage in control , and wo n't believe ?
you are old , and will continue to live for many years more .
longer than any given person .
you are , quick and sharp .
you enjoy putting people down , and can with the nights soul , as you do the shadows .
you are an angel that has been cast out of heaven , and thrown to the earth .
almost being killed in the process .
but what does n't kill you makes you stronger , right ?
and the same rule applies to you .
when you suffer , it only makes you more , and powerful .
you are an impressive .
one never to be with .
you hate all normal angels for this .
you drink their blood , to get back at the that rejected that you .
congrats , you are very smooth .
what type of angel have you become ?
brought to you by quizilla darkness .
you truly desire darkness .
you wish everyone around you was either dead , or you .
to you , life is not a gift , but a punishment .
you have no to for others and do as you please .
please rate what do you truly desire ?
* pics * brought to you by quizilla you are the strange creature that fell from the sky .
you are not understood and are careful in any kind of .
you have ways and thoughts .
you are quiet but present .
i like weird people , rate my quiz .
what kind of element are you ?
pretty pics brought to you by quizilla
hits would be nice , but i 'm just going to use this for what it is really .
sounds a bit crap really , ah well .
action it 's been a while since i posted , i 've been on annual camp with , the
if only for the office .
i really need to find more .
oh i almost forgot , one person everyone should know is the one and only .
anyway , that was my weeks worth of NUM hours sleep a night .
if i was lucky then on sunday , i had to get up again to running flying .
who decided upon a NUM hour working week ?
my fourth day and im absolutely !
current song : fall out saturday monday i started a big more hours of sleep last night .
or , this morning rather .
i 'm doing it again .
the whole thing where i do n't need sleep because it 's summer .
i just feel so and peaceful .
so it 's about eight right now and i 've been up for an hour already .
did n't fall asleep until four .
but it 's as if three hours is enough .
i feel a sense of anticipation stupid anticipation , but it 's somewhat odd like that .
i dyed my hair . yesterday , it 's interesting .
ca n't wait till tomorrow .
but right now i need to concentrate on making it through today .
not to say that today is a bad thing it 's anything but .
i think it 's funny how i am .
i sit around and wait for something to happen to me .
as if some miracle is going to just run up and smack me in the face .
i wait for excitement to come to me .
i create this image of perfection in my head and waiting sit for it to form into a reality .
how silly and foolish .
i 've been doing alot of thinking , as a result of my insomnia .
it 's good thinking though .
in lack of sleep is n't good .
i decided to read through my journal last night , because it was !
but it starts off very religious .
and it slowly from that .
it simply goes to show where i headed over the past few years .
i 'm not saying that i regret how i 've torn away from religion , because i do n't do
well i like the fact that i changed subject at least NUM or NUM times .
i suppose that 's what a lack of sleep can do to you .
i 'm not ready off head and enjoy the day because it is absolutely wonderful .
: - do n't get in too much trouble with the law , .
i like it , and thats all that counts .
snap , if this job didnt pay well i wouldnt be here .
actually not thats true i need all the cash i can get .
not that i get alot and now am rambling see ya 'll !
sidenote : did u guys hear that u can change the post to any day you want ?
thats crazy make this make like this before the weekend was even so now its
it seems to me that no matter when you talk to me i would be in love with some .
i wonder why i feel so much .
hello ya 'll , i 'm back !
no i do n't know when tom and max etc get in .
i hop had a nice time though .
america is such a great place .
right now i 'm doing homework .
did you know they do n't sell in .
, shut up .
and what in heaven 's name is ?
what the heck is pc ?
i hate this * * * thought ' derek .
but it does guarantee a trip around the sun every NUM !
wow its nice outside .
so dark so so cold .
mi like damn long christmas bed sleep am ?
mi will curly de bed so at the most important one side po !
doh two .
k la long enuff le mi go le
so today i am feeling up slightly gullible and odd .
perhaps that is because it happened to be NUM : NUM in the afternoon !
i ca n't belief it , last night i actually slept !
and what 's more than that , i slept for NUM hours !
i ca n't belief it .
but i 'm still trying to deal with my odd feeling that i woke up with .
last night i fell asleep crying for no reason at all !
and this morning i still feel sad .
well , not so much sad anymore , but just numb .
why is it that when people decide to be mad at me , they seem to get mad at the
i ca n't stand being on bad terms with people .
no matter what the reason , i seem to be always drawn towards fixing , and improving our relationship .
however , today , things are n't the same .
i feel numb , and do n't really want to make an effort on my with people .
fortunately for me , this weekend i get to go to spring green .
my family and i are gon na meet some really neat old friends from paul , this .
and what 's even better , we are gon na see the american player 's perform .
they are an outside acting company .
it was really good .
we are also gon na stay at a bed and breakfast .
sleeping late , being in a new , spoon environment , and spending the day outside in beautiful weather .
just what i 'm craving right now .
no .
until next time ,
that 's it , oh yeah , my dad got me a new ipod !
NUM gig baby !
in other related news , law board got stolen last week during tech show .
and today he found half of it in one of his classes .
so thats a bad .
i hope its crunches !
on the call i have word as an , but not before work windows xp service pack .
it will prevent further calls down the road .
my new hp is coming is tomorrow .
i 've recently discovered that almost all the products hp makes are cross platform .
way to go hp !
also on the table tomorrow is to cut up a tree .
i was watching a movie around NUM : NUM tonight and suddenly i heard this huge crash .
i am my tivo and took a bar out to see what was going on .
i did n't see anything for a while , and then i began walking up the dirt driveway that i
in the middle of it was a huge , about the of a -lrb- a sized tree .
i think the rest of the tree is back in the woods , i 'll see tomorrow morning .
i 'm begining to write off .
what do i need pictures of people in for ?
nothing is going to happen there . ''
the future lies outside this town 's in and everyday i 'm making progress .
the question is why is n't this sort of thing possible in ?
i 'm not quite sure , but at the moment i could care less about the answer .
all from walking home .
its sad we live in a world that you ca n't even walk home from line without being attacked .
my thoughts and hugs are with you .
no i am not , its a lie , but she 's trying to tell people that i am not
and that no one was supposed to take it seriously !
well , come on !
i 'm sick of it .
too bad for her , this time i wo n't listen when she calls me up , crying asking .
you should have of that before i am became '' a .
god , i 'm tired of this world i almost have to wonder why i keep on living .
update : nick and i have the same lunch period !
it 's no use fighting anymore .
i ca n't win , but why would i want to ?
what would i accomplish ?
i can be just as happy going with the flow , not adding even more stress to my life .
if anyone is reading this , i need your help .
i need your support , not your .
i need a good laugh , not one more thing that i , or someone that i care about it
let 's leave it at that .
i do n't want to run away but i ca n't take it i believe understand
what do i get from anyone , ever ?
jesus christ sign of cross , my apologies .
people are so damn complicated .
like matt , for instance , or dylan , or lee .
and that 's a good thing , until .
well , it 's your boyfriend that has that air of mystery .
what does the damn air of mystery mean ?
does he have another girl ?
i have to tell that all the time .
did you know that has stick to the wall at mcdonald 's really well ?
and watching guys chip ' teeth ' .
and cameras are you know the security guy is having a day with my ass , cited .
he just is , he likes cock , would it be better to say !
dylan , you know you guys are the best right ?
even if daniel thinks i 'm too freaky for him .
ahem , no .
how is that ?
oh and tyler - about need party 's sucking ass - ha .
ooh , got 'em .
about the complicated thing .
seeing as i am not wondered that not of a person fuck this shit that 's my .
it 's what i live by , but we will see if that changes
i just do n't know what to do anymore
i think of giving up a lot
i feel so fucked
i guess no one exciting can but again then it is always up to me about mi .
i think i am going to go and watch the office game !
i hope we win !
ok , so i was sleeping last night as usual .
and i 've had dreams about her numerous times before .
but this was different .
but this dream was completely contrary to all the dreams that i 've had about courtney .
in the rest of the dreams , she had me , she did n't say a word .
in this one she was very an actual person .
but she was n't .
she also looked very beautiful .
ideally , at least in my mind , but had a major conflict of interest .
i could n't decide .
in the end , i remember talking to her , and that was that .
that was the end .
why did this happen ?
are my feelings for her after all ?
i have a lot of different kinds of friends .
i have so many friends with so many different lives it is amazing .
and i love it .
give life a bit more of excitement .
the one thing that i always find interesting is they all think they have the worst out of the
the way i see it is that everyone has there own problems .
loose a family or worse be treated badly by them , someone hating the way they look .
i think god put me here to help others see the peace of life .
even though it is a big fucking bitch to get through .
you only get one chance so live it to it 's .
i 'm sick of hearing about war with the religion .
it is stupid , you believe what you want to believe and let the other believe what they want to
why do we have to agree on it ?
it is n't like everyone ever agree 's with anyone about anything anyways .
i 'm i true or not .
unfortunately i hope someday we can find peace in life and not going through it like it 's the way
someday it will come but until then just live life do n't dread it .
i just saw the ads on my blog have picked up something for it to have pop lyrics .
would exist would only if we had our own little that with never that any with other bubble .
but that 's impossible , so we have what we have today .
pretend for a second that our .
go on , have a nice life .
and do n't tell me about it .
and do n't on mine .
funny thing is , you do n't have to read this .
so i 'll invite you to stop reading .
whats this life worth living anyways ?
why not we all die speaking so live it up my fellow live it up .
i just finished them and so here a few of them are .
look up the word in bold if you do n't know them right off the top of your head .
they all should be used correctly in the sentence but will see when mrs. .
the kid was an to myself for it yesterday to have all him i do like now , now .
the food this year at band camp was extremely .
all of my sentences are usually based on one of three things , marching band , church , or the
now all my wife do you feel my pain ?
i have people who keep dogs .
they are who have n't have n't the guts to bite people
my favorite cd of all time is bad religion 's the control no . ''
it was really the first great punk cd i ever heard .
i had heard a lot of .
but no control made me love punk .
it was a thousand times more punk than anything or could have out put .
it was a million times more essential than the of music NUM of when it first came out .
furthermore , it is still essential and relevant today .
greg 's against progress and progress industry still as clearly today as they did NUM years ago .
in this sense bad religion and two of the big three big '' of wine .
the sex and the - were just looking for a good time .
i enjoy both of those bands , but they just do n't seem truly great '' to ' it .
i have n't talked about the third of the three of punk .
the last , and most relevant , was the .
in my opinion , all great bands punk and some teddy , and some spring from cocktails .
most punk bands will admit that they were by the by .
anyway , music does n't in a straight in line .
but really , if you get a chance , check out bad religion .
i 'm not bitter .
it 's a dirty lie that conservatives made up to me .
also , i am less angry than most .
i ca n't remember the last time i was truly mad .
i will admit to getting irritated once in a while though .
u got ta admit it .
we 're not as close as we used to be .
will our friendships last ?
ten years down the road , would we still giggle and laugh and gossip like our old school days .
will we still share our secrets and laugh at ourselves ?
would we still be bitching around ?
do we still have a connection between us ?
r we gon na be invited to each other 's weddings ?
to our kids ' weddings ?
tell me how long will we remain friends ?
lance -lrb- everything he is fully capable of winning the tour de france for a time .
homer is time limited but i think i could win the tour de france one more time , '' i
george says he is as motivated as he ever was and needs to win .
it 's winning it something he needs in his life .
i 've known the guy for a long time and that desire to win is as strong as ever .
it 's part of him , what him and keeps him going .
it could be a world cup race , whatever , lance is just like that . ''
lance has n't said when he 'll give it another go , but he 's not getting any younger .
the discussion blog has been * cough * taken care of .
jeff , do n't gim me none o ' yo ' bull .
if you do , i remember .
so i do n't want na hear it .
by the way , look out behind you . .
heh heh heh made you look !
it 's made me stay up past NUM almost every night , but i really would n't have it .
god has really blessed me with some great friendships that i am really thankful for .
life is good , no matter what my circumstances may be at any given moment .
i decided that i 'm going to fish on lake .
well spring basketball is about to start up really pumped about that .
our giant sucked last year ; it 's what kept us back in a lot of games most of the
this spring and summer will be huge for us and i really ca n't wait to start on the office
i miss basketball season like crazy .
ah well , still got one more weekend .
spring break has been crazy so far .
it 's been memorable to say the least .
i 'll give a more detailed update on that later .
well i 'm off hope everyone enjoyed their spring break !
death cab for cutie at tree 's april NUM !
be there or be a freakin ' loser !
im sitting homer .
that makes than life !
rock your body .
rock right .
of being lonely .
is this the feeling i need to walk with ?
tell me why i hear there be where you theres something missing in my heart .
courtney doesnt to do be tell me why .
aint nothin but a .
tell me why aint nothing buy a mistake .
tell me why i never want down you hear , i say it that way .
cuz i want it .
! !
whenever i 'm on the computer i always have my on on .
i 'm always excited to whatever music i like at the time .
mom says i listen to my music too loudly .
whenever she needs me she always ends up screaming her head off just to get me to turn around .
but that 's why i listen to my music so loud .
so i ca n't hear her screaming .
so much fighting at my house , i get sick of it .
the little things that make us scream our heads off and make the children cry .
mom says i listen to my music too loud , but that does n't matter .
i ca n't hear her noticable it anyway .
i miss , but only NUM more days to go .
working on friday off at NUM !
yay for normal hours !
NUM days and counting .
before i start my job , as it were , i have to comment on one thing .
i 'm totally lost .
not only that , but jr and the king have made no attempt to even play 's absence .
holla , last april last , you were in the main event at .
you da man , book !
you 're my favorite guy on the raw .
why they you ?
especially against a punk like mark henry .
i wan na see yo ' ass bust this one out , cuz you my man !
i got this guy in pa named who calls you .
see , been ! ' too much of tha .
pull that win out do it for this white !
take a .
scroll chris '' hubby christian -- all this for one canadian dollar .
this . has had a decent that i was enjoying until my mom came in while i was .
she saw .
i ought to give her a call .
anyway , i 'm seeing a slug feeling turn .
she 's going to hook up with work .
i feel like a teenage girl watching a soap opera the days of our raw .
rob van dam -- is da man !
most . fans love !
i am a total mark for !
shawn -- the from dc is for great things in the ?
he needs to work on his own skills a bit , but his wrestling ability is awesome !
my gut wins after a great effort by .
i call this one a .
tag team .
by random draw , two teams start out , when one is , another comes in bed , and i
the are the job from going into this .
this should be quite the to watch .
look for test and big to be your at the end .
and that should do it for a great .
see you all next time !
drew . ?
you forgot about the main event .
there 's a main event ?
do n't tell me !
the rock connection bars background and vince !
nope crap i actually have to write about this , do n't i ?
i 've seen that a few .
what i have yet to see is a triple threat match where all three of are .
this should be , um , great ?
trips has n't even shown up on tv for the last two weeks to this main event any other .
that alone would almost lead the into thinking on getting is the gold back .
might happen , to tell these days .
i say it goes one of two ways .
it all depends on how bill 's contract work out work .
my cold and are gone are now .
too bad i 'm so sore right now , and my right ankle hurts .
geez , i 'm such a problem child , i can never be NUM % fine at once .
jackie , !
okay , i lied .
jackie and !
i was freaking out , because i was afraid of getting caught , .
if jackie and homer did leave , chances are i would have gone with them .
i came though , and closed the door .
it was so strapless .
oh my , my sister 's really me .
sorry it 's long my sister : guess what i ate today ?
x : rice ?
x : wait .
it was highly good too my sister : and get this x : ew , it was the .
my dog is ! like crazy because she is in her cage and no one is there to play .
even though i 'm going up to play with you after i write this , you are making me .
alright back to my day , after i had lunch i spent just sat around and hung out all .
i went outside because it was nice out for a little .
and then me and my family went to work .
i got a bacon cheese burger which was really good .
but when we were there , it was very crowded , and then it started to rain outside .
but right went we went to the car , it .
and then i came home and really did nothing .
i have kinda just been either sitting inside or going outside .
and now i 'm just bored .
i 'm thinking about starting my term paper , but i do n't know .
i 'm not in the mood to do homework , but i have that and a project do , i
its going to really need to do , because i 'm going to keep putting them both off i have
but this is all i have left to do in this morning , so it 's not that bad .
only NUM more days of summer school .
we have monday off thankfully because cat takes it off , so we follow because almost everyone 's parents .
my dad does , and i 'm sure if you 're reading this your mom or dad does also .
it 's that crazy .
i hate this area , it 's so .
the west coast looks very good .
i 'm trying to decide want i want to do for the rest of my life too .
i 'm still too the lawyer where thing .
but there is something else that looks very , but a little harder to get into .
but very simple , and i like that .
so we 'll just have to see .
a lot of deep thoughts are coming out of me tonight .
and this surprise awhile ago , but i finally got something from mcdonalds for calling them .
i got a gift for a free large .
it 's not much , but hey !
it 's saving me NUM bucks !
which i do n't even have , i have one dollar in my wallet and that is the .
i 'm broke and need a job horribly .
but i 'm not going to get one till next summer , so i 'm going to be broke .
and i 'm getting my license in january , how i 'm going to pay for the $ NUM .
it 's going to be crazy though , and i 'm going to be .
they put tennis on over jay .
it 's just a recap to , i hate when they do this , they do it the whole .
wow , i have nothing to do at all .
i need to start that stupid term paper or the project , but that 's not gon na happen .
well my dog finally !
well i 'm going to stop this before i just keep rambling on .
i 'm to lazy to think of titles so we will go with meh .
this will sound weird but what that i do say does n't ?
most of today was good .
no teacher for .
not really doing much in english .
discussing this teams for most of science .
most of which was fun .
playing and what and impressive whatever .
scroll managed to completely ruin my plan by not turning up afterwards .
and again i had a very interesting discussion with holly , mostly about .
soon i 'll post my western conference .
oh , and theres the small matter of there only being NUM days of school left .
bored , oh so .
but i guess thats normal .
was i wrong or what ?
what were they thinking . !
and um happy fathers day to .
i know there are some people who are turned off to god no matter what .
i know a lot of people come to christ because they see something in their lives that needs changing .
i do n't like to think that god people when he decides to work out forgiveness and grace .
i think it 's there for the taking , just some people choose not to .
'' every knee will bow , every heart will confess '' .
if god 's love is n't there for everyone to take , then this christianity thing is a bunch of
hey ppl need ur pls . !
which of the below is an american idol local goal diana '' .
hey hey everyone i got back from florida last night it was awesome !
it was NUM degrees or higher each day we were there so i 've got some .
everybody keeps asking me what my favorite ride was , but i 'm not even sure .
it 's between rock ' ' on roller coaster and the tower of terror .
my ears hurt badly for the last hour half of both and i had gum .
no , you shut up .
he had studied well for them and was now suffering from sleep .
but , atleast during the exam days he had something to do .
now , he was completely been , had nothing to do .
they day had finally come , the day when the exams ended , the day which everybody was waiting .
no husband used to be there with her , kiss coz well maybe no teddy there in his .
way to be a bitch commenting system !
ok what terms and conditions ? ?
, black ghost staff
i work in a bin
i do n't want to talk about my place of employment too much , but i ca n't let it
first , a little background information .
we 'll start with -- female -- , black , NUM 's , entertaining , rather .
then there is -- male , black , NUM 's , quiet , '' , dating .
next is laura -- female , white , 's , loud , talks too much .
then comes carol . ''
the -- female , white , NUM 's , hilarious , .
now there is dave -- male , beyond that i know nothing .
finally there is -- female -- white , NUM , 's NUM , libra , .
the office across the hall does n't have any computers because if crashed the entire network twice .
she is mean to everyone , especially student workers .
she tries to convince people that random men are in love with her , they are n't .
she with the best of them and can .
as i said , she is nuts .
and so the story begins around NUM : NUM or so in the afternoon .
are fighting as usual .
evidently curly in with a rebel or something because .
told her to .
it was really none of her business .
his comment was followed by by this store as hard as she could across the face .
freaks rebel out , calls some other in , calls and the police .
is going to press .
you ca n't just attack your !
an hour or so later .
this much drama is enough to keep the entire building flowing with gossip for weeks , but there is not
about twenty minutes after about leaves the building , i went to the bathroom .
i returned to work , but laura did not .
she went into the and started talking , loudly , to dave about .
-rrb- her this and a .
so loud that people came from both sides of the building to find out what was happening .
the and laura night ways , leaving .
and dave in the .
the began to crowd the trying to figure out what happened .
told them to get the hell out and go back to work because it was none of their damn .
this is coming from a woman who if you just looked at her you are reminded of the ideal .
anyway , there was lots of on off and it made for a very entertaining monday .
state workers are the best !
insanity in individuals in something is rare - but in groups , parties , nations , and it 's a
sitting alone in the scene women i walk through the hall and you walk past me without saying anything .
would you notice me ?
would you say anything ?
or are you just my ?
i see you with that girl
he 's a cool guy , he liked me , he 'll hook me up with my job again .
i have a shot glass for him from germany , maybe that 'll help a lil bit sigh .
i really hope i get my job back .
you guys are the best friends anyone could have .
seriously , i think we have the most memories than ive had ever in my entire life , during the
i know that i can always trust you guys with things or problems that i tell you .
you all rock by the way !
i love you all !
big sigh i 'm not really happy right now but i 'll get to that later .
i went to bed surprisingly early at around NUM .
i tried watching american wedding but my dvd player was being gay and did n't wan na play it .
i was too lazy to go to see .
she was on her way home so this would n't have would wanted me in her room watching a .
i was really upset with her though .
i needed to her around yesterday and she said she 'd be home between for us to .
her boyfriend 's i figured but it was just like , what 's what new ?
i 'm used to you blowing me off . ''
i was not ready to do these things .
my mom was the one who gave me the magazine with the work out in it in the first .
i why she did it though .
whenever i complain about myself , she always yells at me and says i 'm beautiful the way i 'm
i wish i felt beautiful .
or i wish someone else could do that for me .
so i just gave up and went to bed .
it took me awhile to go to sleep because i had a lot on my mind .
i still have a lot on my mind .
i got up around NUM : NUM and painted the .
then as i was getting dressed , i stepped in the paint thing so that was just great .
i had a blue foot .
just after that i was in the kitchen with eddie .
i went to give go him a hug and he put me in a .
so i started .
he let me go and i went to go look in the mirror .
i saw my job were bleeding but i was cool with it .
after that i went down the street and delivered some pictures to people for mrs. .
hey , easy work and i get a service hour for it .
i came home , read .
so i decided to eat something before unattainable .
eddie wanted to eat before work too so we just ended up eating together .
and i say , !
you know i do n't shut up . ''
so we just !
i got ready for unattainable and left .
so i started getting my panic attack feelings and i went to orlando .
luckily , everyone was there .
so i started to breath easier .
but then i realized i was the only girl .
and the panic came back .
eventually , .
then we 'll front our warm up lap , , and did three on a ball .
for some reason , it was n't that hard today .
but i felt like i could n't .
it felt like i was just ? but i am running my hardest .
so we could n't or anything with the ball .
then we had a little chat .
we talked about the department and the rules that had changed and all that fun stuff .
practice ended early but i stayed with most of the team to and mess around .
it kinda sucked because i was n't even picked for a team .
they threw me on a team .
and then i know the two guys were saying shit about me because they kept saying this '' .
i feel so worthless sometimes .
sometimes i just wonder why i even try in the first place
there 's no point .
after most of the people left , we played world cup .
he had no partner either !
and everyone else was have up so it was like wtf ?
why ca n't you just be my partner ?
i 'm starting to not like him very much .
towards the end of world cup it got better .
i was doing better .
and it was a good kick if i do say so myself .
happy face but then matt stepped on my foot .
the foot that has been hurting like a mother for the past week .
it 's just the top of my foot .
it hurts when i walk and even sometimes when i 'm not moving it at all .
but it 's hurt even more when i run .
so after it has on it , it was pretty numb .
and then nick or anthony i ca n't tell em apart !
so that was just great .
a little later alex came to give from , , and a mind home since he got .
i came home and want to be about my foot and she said it looked .
sad face then she said , .
i am two bones in the top of my foot .
i had to wear one of those crazy shoes and i could never run again .
it hurt too much to . ''
she was like a star cross country girl .
so me being the i am , i began to freak out .
if i had to stop running all together , i 'd go crazy .
not being able to play soccer would kill me .
so that lead me to lock myself in the bathroom and cry for a little bit .
i kept sure towards the company that i wanted to talk about it '' but she was too busy .
i was dropping all night all but she never picked up on them .
so i 'm just gon na talk to about it all tomorrow .
i acted like i was totally fine with it but it upset me .
i wanted to hang out with her and watch a movie with her .
not with kevin too .
do n't get me wrong .
it 's just i love my sister too and sometimes i like to spend quality alone time with her .
which we have n't done in a long , long time .
so the three of us ended up watching it .
the two of them .
that 's what killed me .
seeing the two of them .
all i want is that .
i just want to be in love and have someone love me again .
i mean , is that so much to ask ?
i 'm a very impatient girl so do n't tell me , eventually i 'll find the one .
i know that , i just wish he 'd hurry up already .
i girls , it was cute .
but i did n't really like it .
i do n't like those kind of things that do n't explain the .
then i came upstairs and showered .
i feel like crap .
i have a terrible headache .
okay , so i see as a half a bag of chips , it 's not healthy .
i did n't even to my job today because i 've been so blah .
it 's gon na take me a long time to fall asleep .
i might cry my way to sleep or i might now .
right now , i 'm leaning towards it .
you should know who you are .
i wish i would have went to pa for the week .
god , it would have been better than dealing with this shit
this is where all of my job will go as soon as my is working is traveling .
umm so as informed me that this just isnt cool if you are n't three years old .
well i thought it was fun .
in case , for some reason , we do n't talk .
today all i did was practice guitar and such .
i also went a record store downtown , it was n't good .
there was over NUM records there , but they all sucked , the only one good i saw was .
and im not even a big fan .
and of course there was n't any beatles or john .
of course not .
but im going back to music .
because , really , thats an amazing store .
im trying to go there everyday now , at least everyday im in .
this to has to go to work im a .
i hope to be .
went to in in out today .
i start working soon , thank god !
i 'll be making the big bucks in no time .
until that time catch ya 'll later .
we watched .
still , we would n't be able to understand the story without the .
i wonder how long would it take before we can watch a korean movie without .
it seems that our forms had quite a good time over there .
learning a new language and culture is fun , do n't need to depend on it to survive on the
but still , i think i 'll manage to pull through , with god 's help of course .
our children only moved into in job after their own and a half years ' language course .
thus , we do not have any info in life in national university 's practices as a hangover -
lastly , i have the intention of going to national university medical to pursue my degree .
i want to see how 's the life , attitude and character of the students studying in the university .
however , i 'll talk this out with before i make my decision .
i 'm actually really glad that there is debate about such a this side as gay marriage .
because we are all still great friends , no matter what difference of opinions we have .
yeah true friendship has to be able to be political !
but this can be a long wait maybe many .
and at the end , i love everybody here who has to the great discussion of our ultrasound .
the best generation of graduated fails today and now it 's up to my generation to replace them .
great i did n't get really to say goodbye to all of them especially the one i have a little
i mean i never said i had a crush on !
i never said a thing a thousand in my heart for my stupidity .
and you , it 's complicated
if you drained however that is how much money would be there .
how many NUM cent pieces ?
how many dollar pieces ?
how many susan bs ?
how many gold ?
how many years ?
well that was just a random thought i had at today .
so last night , i worked , it rocked .
well , not really , but still .
i do n't have to much to say but , there were a few funny things .
i stayed for about an hour , just chilled , and headed home to well , sleep .
and on my break i did some shopping for my mom .
he replied .
so then later on would be working too , then i thought before i rule .
but before i left he told me i had to go visit him since i was n't closing which i
i said i 'd think about it .
so off to .
so , i still only found one pair i liked , but whatever , i now own NUM pairs .
so while short shopping i got a call from , and we are to share tonight out , and i
my next little stop was to , where i am my word , and visited josh and .
my favorite work people .
then i bought some heidi , and headed home .
the heidi were btw !
so here i sit , will 's arrival , drinking my which i also purchased at the .
so i am excited .
in even better new , is coming home tonight , and i am really really really happy about .
i missed my buddy danny .
he is probably mad at me though because i just called him danny where others could read .
it is my pet name for him .
he is my bitch .
but i do call him that , it just came out one day .
so since he is coming home , that means we get to have our fun filled day .
the count down begins NUM days until i go to pa !
plus it will be my first time ever on a plane , which makes the experience even better !
ok , thats all folks !
this is ' you the much this shift shift !
i did it again alright , thats enough i shall return stay tuned !
google is the best search engine on the web at the moment .
* nose and fans air * i bet even singapore can idol beat german idol .
i hated that german idol .
he was and he wore a how u spell it ?
i thought to bear with his looks cuz maybe he is clay at ugly clay first at , .
voice but i was so definitely wrong .
he sang some karaoke karaoke song , * typing the word .
and his excuse was , because knew which a singing , i wanted to sing an .
i dont hate hear songs , but he how should say this well , he sucked !
i hope part NUM could crazy me over part NUM .
i 'm lookin out for kelly .
aww he 's lying down
she left , david right after we saw harry pot head and the of the .
they gave us free harry potter glasses and we looked like hardcore fans well they did not me .
posted by hello
i still watch !
have n't updated in a bit .
right now i 'm just taking a bit of a break from my work project .
it 's actually been pretty fun doing this project .
probably the only project i 've ever had fun doing .
anyway , this weekend was i decided to go to the band .
it was alright i guess .
a bit long but , not bad in the long run .
i mostly hung out with , brandon , chris , peter , etc .
saturday , i went out to lunch with .
that was quite fun .
then , i went to a ! party last night .
: i did n't drink anything but it was still a lot of fun .
nothing more to say really and i do need to get back to my project .
it sounds like his dog but he knows it 's not .
his dog is lying beside him , looks like it had a better sleep then he did .
he walks downstairs only to find his mother feeding a goat at the front door .
he told me that earlier he met a girl with a little green personality .
i had absolutely no clue what he meant so i made a in of in .
it was a happy noise ; so as not to anger the strange man .
the end thank you brad !
i woke up today and heard a very happy noise .
my none green personality was telling me that it was coming from under my bed .
so i looked under and a man with a appearance was smiling at me .
thanks ray when ever i come to a in the road in i hear this really happy .
they be my of pet cow he had a goat like appearance .
i was walking down the street with a girl named steph .
it was kind of wierd because i had never hung out with a who had such a goat .
on our walk we ended up at the local shop where i bought both of us a chocolate .
steph was more in the straw .
the end yes john !
one day .
he was the best this ever !
there once was a straw .
he lived in a show that had a strange goat like appearance .
this .
this had a girlfriend and her name was pink .
could u guess she was a pink .
whenever homer and pink went out together he made a happy like this , !
the end cutest thing ever thanks ash !
one day in never never land , there was a loud happy noise .
suddenly jack the rabbit jumped out of a baby green bush .
i 'm still wondering why i was always alone .
i mean it seemed like nobody liked me .
i had no one .
in fact sometimes , i even wondered if i had myself .
nothing ever was .
nothing that i did .
nothing that i tried turned out either .
snake lady
if the leather business were to disappear , approximately NUM % teddy be would be long each .
to put this in perspective , that is more than a million per employee per .
leather is not a .
that 's right asshole , eat it up .
apologies to nathan , i was .
i just learned some very interesting information .
needless to say that .
also happy birthday !
also , NUM : electric falls close enough to my birthday to a party .
i will place a blessing upon the office of enough can bring this me .
or a saying that it is his june .
shut up , carrie .
you do n't want a baby .
look at the time .
oh , we had a really good parade today .
something unusual as we had swimming .
however , we had physical training and bible study before swimming .
we played ball games in the swimming pool .
it was fun and it got quite rough sometimes .
anyway , heard from some people that we did quite well for our marching on friday .
well done boys and girls !
oh they , its my cousin birthday .
today i am upset now coz i aint gon na see sun for a week and a half : .
today was cool i spent most of it with her .
o ye i forgot i saw time looks here i spent on my nerves i thank u once again .
her life was once ordinary , simple and .
she was one of the lottery gals ever on earth .
they help she a very happy life for the past NUM years .
the story of him and her
they met in planet , she looked at him and thought : he looks so lonely she .
so she gave him a name , called this strong .
strong on the outside , soft in the inside .
they became friends , not very close friends but not exactly like strangers .
she never knew his name , he never knew hers .
and he went away , .
she never knew where he went , why he went she never gave it a thought , it was the
it was just an ordinary friendship .
she saw the doctor , but he said she was fine .
she never knew what it was .
she didnt thought much abt it , she just live her life as every day .
not until one day , several years later , she saw him again .
in the same place he went away this night saw again .
instead of writing how much i love each one pretty i wrote which they
so , without further , scroll down and check out my ultimate !
here are some of the sites i go to and look for cool .
digital i did i hear may of any others at the moment but those are the main .
those sites also have links to other good sites with this and some on how to make them .
i am considering changing my name to work because of this beautiful beautiful man .
last night was great .
the kim likes that , too , heh .
kim 's mom sure likes to make people eat .
the kitchen the , that was fun .
gary did n't pay me , but i was promised a large sum on saturday .
time for .
a flame flame , a , a , a , right .
a cry , an this real .
a crowded , a mistaken , .
a crossed line , a world of grey .
a closed door , and hell to pay .
a rose , a broken word .
a song , left yet .
a farewell farewell , a world fallen apart .
these are the words of a broken heart .
i 've left school !
usually i do n't know what to do now
we ca n't have everything can we
they were all dead .
did i love her ?
was there a choice ?
the past is a the hole .
your only chance is to turn around and face it , but it 's looking like down into the
or kissing the mouth of a gun , a bullet inside it 's dark down , ready to get the
i opened my and everything into focus into .
i was hurt , my crime , was like a hungry pit behind me .
i had to run , get as far away from it as possible .
it was past the point of no return .
the choice machine made already , and it would get worse before the end .
the past is a puzzle , like a broken mirror .
as you piece it together , you cut yourself .
your image keeps and you change with it .
it could destroy you or drive you mad .
it could set you free .
kissing her , i think of the cold laws of cause and effect .
i am afraid , but i start again from the beginning , .
i had to be had for what i had done .
like one 's little on beautiful opposite of a product war '' .
something in the night felt like a door had been opened .
an of the past , an old with the monster it 's eyes open in the of my own .
closing your eyes forces you to look at the darkness inside .
i had n't slept in a long time .
when i did , my dreams were .
in a nightmare , every choice you make is a wrong one .
i would wake up at night afraid that day was a dream i 'd forget .
when you 're waking up , the world is a blur .
what was clear in a dream suddenly makes no sense .
no surreal , no magic way out , but you are awake .
with the enemy , i had stepped over the edge .
the cartoon moment for the office to realize his mistake before taking the drunkenfish .
the things that i by tim w. a .
this is what i see when i look back .
the moments , as snow , they understood you , change you .
you die and live again .
the genius of the hole .
no matter how long you spend climbing out , you can still fall back down in an instant .
you come to , the of the your own making .
you stay there , eyes , shut afraid , move to hoping , you 'll bleed to death .
or do you crawl out , help you loved ones , make sure the fire does n't spread , and
all this time , we have the of sleeping of beauty wrong .
the prince did n't kiss her to wake her up .
no one who 's slept for a hundred years is likely to wake up .
it was the other way .
he kisses her to wake himself up from the nightmare that 's brought him there .
there are things in life you can not choose .
i had .
the only true reason why men fight wars is love .
our fear makes us play it safe , blocks out emotion .
it 's a losing game .
without passion , you 're already dead .
it 's all a matter of perspective , tied to time and space .
love and friendship , life and death .
everything is .
time is relative to the the .
i hated her for making me feel this way .
i did n't deserve to walk away .
there are no happy .
the illusion comes afterwards when you ask , what he '' are and what '' if '' .
if you had done something differently it would n't be you .
it would be someone else looking back asking a different set of questions .
the past is a the hole .
your only chance is to turn and face it , but it 's like kissing the lips of your
darkness waiting in the pbgs of her mouth .
we are willing to suffer , to die for the things we care about .
for love , for the right choices .
because of her , i had solved my case .
all of it , who i am .
it 's almost morning .
waking up from my dream .
she has brought me here .
to this moment of where , time where work down and i choose to look back to , see .
and in that moment of work , in that act of seeing , i am .
i had a dream of her .
she was gone , but it was all right .
i have completed the last step in my relationship so perfect .
besides age is just a number right .
its amazing ive been some before but never like this .
i cant even how i feel but i know i dont want ever to loose this feeling .
plus i do want to do anything thats going to our relationship .
i do know how i would handle him .
well , mine was n't so bad i suppose .
hung out .
tried to find that kitten .
's been feeding it something besides cat food - i really hope people realize that with kittens this .
they get !
it 's pretty serious .
i guess they have good intentions .
kitten might still be there .
interesting thoughts to ponder .
and if that 's true , then the in feeling is coming back into the rising .
just an interesting thought , any comments welcome .
it was kind of funny .
i need to talk to her !
i found her number on her blog , so i 'd call her if she get .
for everyone for who comments on this entry .
the fiction blog now has a small scene from my new by posted on it , so i was so
i 'm going to review the terminal and the station agent , just because i have nothing more .
the terminal loved the trailer for anchorman .
consequently i do n't know what we 're yelling about ! ''
also , just for the the presence of holly hunter , the little black book .
betty 's to above the : ending to but he built her a rebel ! ''
stanley , one of my favorite actors for all of time .
and was a very good character .
liked .
tom has as his usual good self , but i still maintain that tony would have been a .
just okay most of the movie falls into this category .
simple can not watch now clean not at !
argh women man u have my full !
what a vacation .
but that 's what i get for for to wear !
, wander around the , shop a little , etc .
it was just but i seriously missed being around this past weekend !
oh well whats done is done .
unfortunately , so camp is coming up and apparently i am is !
there were the .
: - not really , and besides i do wan na go
i think it 'll be a cool time .
, summer .
i 'm loving it !
everything is going so well !
help me to keep growing in you !
and if i do say so myself , the growth lately has been fantastic !
i 'm feeling his presence and it is awesome !
unfortunately , i know you probably dont read these but
i am so gon na call you forever !
girl , only NUM days left !
ha ha ha and camp is going to rock !
mario , i ca n't believe you cant go !
you 're so going to miss out !
i am tired worked way long need sleep !
i 'll let know yall more later !
: - tee hee hee !
well i will keep this short .
i am going to the job to teach brian how to be dirty .
its about time before my last backyard haircut i had one since it felt well a while i was a
i hate money too .
it s a very nice thing to have but makes you or this is way better .
last night i came home and the night before i came home and i talked to my friend research .
last night me and kim left crazy mexican messages to jack .
ok i 'm back the night and i went to hit up and it was a grand .
my legs hurt but its am tired , too maybe tired to write much so in that case .
i will roll on then .
i hate people who are different around other people or just suck in general .
yea well those people should get beat down .
im actually goin to new york .
it should be one hell of a time .
that title is devoted to .
cartoons cartoons are crazy
well i really have some interesting .
as i was talking to one , he suggested that is a marriage .
i was like what ?
i said so you think we should not get married and just sleep with whoever .
he said no no no .
there are certain benefits to getting married but a man needs a woman on the side .
i said so you need for ?
so you think there is just this pool of women floating out there that do n't want to get to
they just enjoy being tossed from man to man .
you are totally what i am saying .
they do n't have to be .
they could have a husband and a boyfriend too .
so you would n't mind if your wife cheated on you ?
err i guess not .
guess not .
you were not even thinking about the emotional side of a relationship are you ?
your plan does not work .
i did n't say idiot .
it is n't generally a debate winner .
a man being to one woman does n't work .
it causes . toward your spouse .
what did she do ?
not being able to express her mine yourself causes emotional .
the heck is emotional ?
being with only one woman causes emotional .
so a man needs -- me cuts him off did not ask for the cause .
i asked for a definition .
get back to me when your views are better defined .
end conversation grr . !
they are just so .
and they have no idea what they are saying .
just dumb excuses for acting on base .
3m kim , you should have been @ wedding today .
it was odd and i 'll call you later .
second , jen and i were n't doing to great a day or two years ago from this .
funny cause that doesnt make any sense ; we communicate a lot !
now we 're doing better , i still love her .
im going to her house after work , i just figured that works out okay .
im worried we 'll be about stuff , or too , quiet or , i .
that does n't make any sense , ignore that .
i just feel that being at her house today is been ready be weird .
it feels like we 're starting over , like shit , i can not know what getting too .
i have to go , i 'll update you on what happens .
: im !
we all know you .
: no i didnt .
: so keep you down his throat was n't ?
: what : . !
: why do you care so much ?
: he he : you want a .
its been so funny reading all of this , you know .
i kept telling myself i was going to keep up this blog , but so far i have been .
these past few days have been wonderful .
last night was . backwards night '' at youth .
so we did everything backwards .
tuesday was jon 's birthday so i him by making everyone sing to him .
evil of me , i know !
oh boy , i better be good with his birthday 's coming up on the of september .
i ca n't believe i 'm going to be NUM wow .
in january i 'll be able to actually drive with people in the car with me .
: unfortunately , i spent the whole day my lil yesterday and today .
that .
the fun part was i beat her up .
and the great part was her beating me up .
good grief the child to me this morning .
: then i get her back .
on sunday , my aunt is going is to baby over , so i get to help .
: i think 's staying the night me tomorrow night !
she 's so cool .
i think we 're gon na move bikes for most of the time , and maybe walk my dogs .
molly sure needs to .
sheesh , she 's a big girl .
: and then on saturday , it 's work church , so we 'll be going to that .
but feel free to share from before i post some more or whatever .
maybe you should go read my story in a tale pass the time !
usually i love this own my work !
maybe just a few things that bug me in general .
hope you have a good time looking at everything .
everyone that looks at this if you do i love you !
i wish you a great time in both of my blogs !
-- quite insane : wolf that cried man -- -
: ahh : this going ?
: ny : i want an i love ny !
: ooh right : anniversary thing : lavender do you read minds ?
: or just talk to my sister : : .
: um , that NUM : ?
: you dont remember !
: i do : really ?
: -rrb- i could get them if : i wanted .
: maybe for ur bday : that .
: may NUM : k , well were gon na have ot give u another bday .
: score one for the white girl !
: um : maybe one birthdays enough for me : i want u getting too well .
: can you suck your own ?
: hahaha : keep this can mean : why i am ?
: who would you hate to be stuck in a room with ?
> > robert josh : why is that mean !
: robert scares me !
i switched beautiful cause i cant be in the same room as him !
: and josh smells : from : .
: ooh : evil : if you could have any job what would it be ?
it is a begun nightmare !
jackie that is not true . !
and anyway , i think is perfectly sweet !
he is the only sane one in that group over there !
today lesson is so boring
it 's my job states i 've '' map !
but it seems as if i 've started over so many times .
still the same the outcome .
i feel like a failure .
i 'm running into the wall once again .
i see the signs .
i see the lights , but i never see the wall .
three more days , and then i 'm free .
i 'll never have to go back there again .
three more days and my life is over .
because i dont know where i 'm going after this .
sure , i know whats planned .
but never need the problem .
its what i dont plan for .
its what i dont see coming .
that i run into again and again .
the hello , wall .
its nice to see you again . ''
except i never see him .
i just run .
story of my life .
story of my death .
life , version .
i slept till like NUM : NUM !
that was nice but i wasted half a day .
my husband is sore from doing all the weekend off the diving board yesterday .
well i did chores read a little and watched tv .
then my mom came home and i ate dinner .
after dinner i went to desert !
i hear ice cream on my shirt and white shorts .
then i came home and i am tired .
maybe i do n't really hate maybe disappointed , ng .
i 've done some shopping na nga eh .
hehehe anyways i dont really know what to say by now ano ba ?
haha my na kong enough crush !
si mon boleh kasi eh pa pa !
follow you , i will , so let 's get moving who needs shelter when the morning 's .
absolutely there 's no one .
who needs shelter from the sun ?
no , not anyone .
they 're ' at the day shift , back where all left off 's in .
they 're ' at relationships , you know it 's only a worthless piece of shit .
who needs shelter when the morning 's cover ' ?
absolutely there 's no one .
who needs shelter from the sun ?
no , not anyone .
~ who needs shelter by jason my heart hurts .
can we play it online too ?
i get that feelin ' that it ai n't .
i want some ice .
wow we had time today .
damn it .
curse you this !
the guys got together in the gym for like an hour .
we had a .
haha the guy was stupid who gave the talk .
so he waited NUM days .
he eventually cut his arm off sharp rock .
it took him hours !
but he lived because he loves life so much , his arm means nothing .
after that we headed over to the conference .
we had the worst seats !
but it was we sang praise and worship , by now i was beat .
i was tired as i could be , and my hurt from jumping .
then mass started it was ok until the , the guy could be talking for forever !
lol but it was soon time for work .
but during the blessing of the host , a girl was by the holy spirit in the .
how power is god too why but she was for like NUM .
then she woke up and we were all dancing and screaming having the time !
the the bus ride home was fun .
anyway feel free to click and read .
have fun with the commenting !
: op * * cough * * my blog is better and it has * * gasp * .
.
has no rite ?
has more de people force de more i hate stop forcing mi !
wake up , wake up , wake up , it 's the first of the month .
get up , get up , get up , it 's the first of the month .
^ that song is pretty cool .
and i 've been meaning to use it for the longest time .
finally i have done it success !
well , uh , i 've been reading a bunch lately .
and doing lots of other stuff that has been pretty .
but i do n't really want to talk about that right now .
i do n't even know what 's going on with that situation , which makes it all the more .
as for my current music , that would be quite fuck the world '' by .
not because i hate the world or anything ; i just find the song very and funny .
ok , you caught me .
i hate everyone and everything to hell with all of you .
* * * special .
i 'm not even from the us .
but enough with the jokes .
i 'm a NUM to NUM year old living currently in great country by the way .
check my profile if you want to get to know me better if anything in there is true .
still not used to this thingy but i will not up !
i do n't want to do work anymore , i want to go do something '' can you .
i shall ponder upon that thought i am excited people are signing on !
i love being random - : well has it can head out on now !
the next few entries will be from my journal
think about who you 'd like to hold in your arms .
ok , got that ?
well you ai n't gon na !
jokes jokes yes i am an ass .
but hey , just jokes : d who knows !
i have my dress . and !
its purple and nice and purple sorry got lost in it there then .
but i forget its a dress , , i do n't dresses .
then we had a little in wedding by her night , .
i had another message but have forgotten it difficult i have n't actually .
katie i would not add more hours onto the bill , because i no longer watch it .
or i would give myself more time asleep because i 'm nearly always tired .
he is a .
and this is when the woman i will call her comes in , and an entrance she made into the
it probably was the best thing so far for a time in my life .
her and i met NUM days ago , from today .
we talked a little and because she is a .
well we agreed to party and gain some for our characters .
at any point i will get to the ' of what happened , how today became a roller .
i begin with waking up , after sleeping so poorly that i could n't have paid somebody to spit .
day goes on , we are playing some pool and of course , she is winning .
in the mean time we are flirting some , off on and while we play pool and the topic .
things went down hill fast and things were said that i should n't of , like normal .
how people take showers it says a .
lol
oh , and you make me cry , literally .
which one of my fav songs from the are you ?
brought to you by quizilla
red mood : relaxing and pissed off * sigh * , finally been they been thinking .
if there is one person you ca n't stop thinking about , post this same exact sentence in your
they make all my other cd 's seem like meaningless ramble .
i 'm in love with their writing , i can honestly say the cd changed me , opened my own
and to think that when .
i remember leaving it in her sisters cd player .
and now it 's missing !
i could cry , i love that cd so much !
and now it 's gone .
i guess she could just burn me another one but , i want my original .
i guess i should of made sure i grabbed it but , now she lost it .
emily is is something .
hahaha , perhaps the meaning of neck hair !
unfortunately , this is a good picture of her black hair weekend , courtesy of me and my lovely .
originally uploaded by .
but towards start laughing
general : this place is also going to as an to aim info .
so be ready for lots of random things like that .
so here 's my to you , on the net .
give me a decent computer and a decent task , and i 'll join your forces with the .
otherwise , be prepared to spend hours trying to guess a password after i am safely several hundred miles .
my d NUM at d left .
damn lucky man !
of all the thing that do not change , disaster makes u .
so burn the clothes that they were in them of sweat of smoke an sin and .
lets stop out again stop lets completely fun u deserve NUM b with
but go back and read it first , because then this 'll be , and make more sense of the
and please read it all !
i like to have people informed of the of my life .
it 's just something that i think they deserve to know .
unfortunately , after the race , dave and i literally knew south '' in the bar pool in front of
we were in it when he pushed me down , and it was very cold , it was a few
so naturally , being the good guy he is , he let me push him under , too .
he tried to get revenge on me , but i grabbed him and pulled him down with me .
after that we got out , cuz it was getting a little cold , and we felt the time .
we all went back to our cars and took pictures of me as a weekend , and just each other
it was just sitting there
i mean , come on .
much to our surprise ?
no , that 's not it amusement , maybe , we were the only white people in the .
and it was crowded .
but the seemed nice .
no '' '' or anything of the sort .
and i just said . ''
i am so going to hell .
we all had a lot of fun at work 's , and everyone got dessert .
maybe the '' spit in our stuff because we were white .
lots of interesting conversations at the table , for sure .
we finally had to say goodbye to the wonderful people
we made faces , of course , and threw a banana at each other .
once the traffic finally cleared , we drove relatively close to each other until the exit .
then we really did have to say mccartney .
there was the furious both from cars as , as i and pulled the of the and into the
we came back to life , placed the of the car back into working order , and went to the
the rest of the day was fairly .
last night , i hung out with erin for a while , and we had fun .
lots of good talking and .
best buy was good , but they did n't have the starting line cd that i wanted , only i
so , the song of the day is from my new new found glory cd .
like this one : of .
here 's here to us fools that have no meaning
and hey : it took a lot longer for me to type this than for you to read it .
the i make i for you
speaking of which , i would love to sacrifice something for any one of you .
i love helping people now , even if it hurts me .
but i gave some to everyone , even if it meant that i would have none .
i mean , out of NUM pieces of gum , i only have NUM or NUM .
all the rest i gave away .
but i was glad to !
i love going out of my way to help people .
ok , again , i 'm sorry for the there wo n't be another one this long for the time
i really hope you enjoyed it .
if not , let me know in my forum !
no one writes in there i feel so neglected .
ok , that 's it , i 'm out .
a so long , farewell , good morning white '' ok , for real this time .
boys all the way .
they are the of the of oh gawd !
i know what 's going on with me nowadays , i just keep getting .
it would be a long way to go before i get to finish my home assignment .
but putting the point of getting worried when i do n't have the mood to start working ?
my mother had been a good to get me to work , but it was no use .
wala sana de , wala curly de no use one .
so wat am i going to do ?
by the way , diana 's table was kicked today .
i who did it but i have a feeling that tells me .
she has been asking who is that '' sucker '' to write nasty things about her in her blog .
this whole thing is so irritating .
by the way , the math relief teacher is a * .
starts lesson the moment she steps into the keeps giving us work to do .
i should be real busy , but i usually seem to .
, i missed you today and again you 've only been gone for well NUM hours now .
me and homer stayed in bed until NUM o'clock but she slept in till NUM lbs she 's missing .
i 've had a very lazy day cos i ca n't bring myself to do anything .
i came online with the express purpose of blogging and talking to people but ca n't be bothered to be
basically when people are stressed or depressed they need to this feeling into something else , now .
people have said why not do exercise ?
in exercise you push yourself as hard as you can till you hit pain .
pain is how we push back our office and stop ourselves on them off .
sean 's so cute
being able to mess around in your office with total strangers and have such of have fun is amazing .
which , , led to a few good times .
and not in the sexual sense , either as far as i know .
never once did i feel , lonely or such .
even when wondering around by myself , passing of those in and around in campus .
for some reason , student in my step , it felt perfectly okay walking around like a normal .
there was one thing that made this visit extremely special , though - the girls .
in reality , though , i was never going to it on with ' anyone in a week .
for the last years , i 've been my crazy self , and , at uni , it 's a
well , i 'd have made an impression of some sort .
another ? '
me being next door to jamie was never going to mean peace and quiet .
friend had come around had to talk to him , was in , and i had in the other .
memorable , and will likely and joke ' in coming years .
one woman all the rooms have phones , which have their own individual numbers .
death threat mentioned before but still their up their .
one of the was out , and left his door open .
i realised this , into his room and left him a death threat .
that during the visit , the aim was to design and build a robot capable of the easiest .
our group was split into two , and the other side were done within the first few hours .
they eventually won and we got third place , which was nice .
if include is an evil genius ' and robot had a late scare ' .
i take my shoes off for .
`` oh , how i cherish you my love ''
nothing much going on , work is just plain old school .
it has become a place with both and and .
i want a education , but i dont want all this work , i am up till this .
i dont have NUM study hall .
, unfortunately , life .
so we got to eaten about married to him about joining .
and in recent updates , we 're gon na change the name .
to understand it better as a reader let me you on what we do as a group when we have
so thats the recent band update .
i 'll take it , but still
i am writing yet again today .
emily has joined us tonight .
you will be .
or something to that degree .
i dreamed about falling last night .
then crawling around underneath cutting way my through way with my loved , so wondering how the hell i am
let me tell you .
i only really dream during breaks , such as the massive one we 're in right now called .
i am , work speaking , too tired to dream at all , which is nice .
i am realizing that now .
i do n't have normal dreams .
i dream about people dying .
i dream about falling .
i dream about crawling around in with .
the dreams where i almost die do n't bother me at all .
that 's the creepy part .
you 'd think it would .
i just do n't care .
this evening it started raining .
there was so much water .
then tonight , around NUM o ' clock , when we left , it was .
there were n't any cars around or anything .
it felt so surreal and now i 'm kinda sick and .
i 'm starting to wonder if i 'm still dreaming .
you know , you never know .
it 's kinda weird , but i felt like we were going to hit something tonight .
life 's a weird place these days .
people are getting shot out on the highway , and the rest of us just do n't care .
we just stay safe in our homes .
well , we 're lucky .
what about the people who do n't have that kind of .
we are so fucking selfish .
people are getting shot every day .
people are dying of sickness every day .
all right , done with the stupidest rant .
i ca n't sleep these days .
my mind wo n't shut down .
i made the mistake of saying the phrase this i 'll be gone in a year anyway '' to be
the point of this is that it 's never a good plan to say that .
it 's been a weird night .
i think it would be best if i just go sleep .
i got in my room .
: and i have to go for training in about NUM minutes
my my friends say this about you : i am only like her because she me stuff .
take what your friends say about you behind your back today !
created with swearing and monkey 's name .
it 's funny because i do n't buy people anything ever .
this is what we call a shitty , shitty day .
a few days ago , i had my removed .
dont ask what they are , but they 're in my throat .
hell , i did n't even know what they did .
anyway , i 'm still feeling bad about that .
so then i 'm trying to , and i get my job .
some of my worst grades ever .
another blow to the shitty factor .
so i 'm working on that right now .
at least i have all of my cards and my job .
god , i 'm such a loser
i hope i can do it alright , and in time .
so i 'm off to do that , but i 'd like to give the world a big fuck .
two in as at brandon 's
was be to be awful .
he is the best drivers democratic professor i 've been in the car with .
none of the other ones would give me that .
lance called me right after he had out of drivers weather it , has me happy made .
he makes me happy .
good to you
so go when paint paint paint .
okay , now i saw this girl came to my site days ago and i post something in the
but she does n't answer , she came and look though , work person .
and now i see who else likes any way the wind blows and and , imposing god , i have
how do this things work ?
i remembered the thing alex said !
it came to me in the middle of the night last night .
we 're walking out of work to alex 's car victoria : wow , it 's really .
my blue eyes are sensitive and it hurts .
alex : you have blue eyes ?
i have brown eyes .
and when i stare into the sun , they burn .
pause oh wait , that happens to everyone .
: . you should be ashamed of yourself having anything to do with such nonsense . ''
people who never who get carried away should . ''
homer nobody find that some people .
do n't remember , it was william someone .
i think that would make me really happy . ''
i had it felt to speak to you . ''
will i will wait a lonely lifetime ?
if you want me to , i will . ''
hello , i just put the code on the page .
if you would like to be , please leave a comment on this post with your code .
you must have mine on your site or yours will be taken down .
i was n't able ot accomplish anything today , again this has got to go somewhere .
- dean 's national campaign chair is out
you is the funniest kid i have ever met .
i should just fill this post with this quotes .
and that 's what i 'm going to do .
you 'd probably have to be there though .
nothing can come enough , me i 'm on weed ! ''
me : .
sidenote : for more like ! ''
sidenote : i 'll be smack your balls '' actually that 's all i remember .
i spoke briefly with my father last night after arriving back in .
needless to say , i was completely confused , as he mentioned nothing of forcing me to come home .
i breathe deeply and relax and feel happy .
then , homer dad said coming hes to get you tomorrow .
he says hitting to be from this year . ''
if i do that i will be an f in my class , completely my screwing .
its not that i feel they should be any into for his worrying over my life , but that is
sending me home for doing something you dont agree with is complete bullshit .
my mother called .
.
i am seriously in complete and utter .
my mother doesnt call me .
she makes up excuses not to come see me .
when i visited her she threw stuff at me and told me to get the fuck out .
when i call her she yells at me about crazy things .
and all of a sudden she thinks is going to have some say in my life ?
i seriously believe they has the nerve to do that .
she doesnt even act like im her daughter .
im going to call know this weekend later and try to talk with him .
for now im reading and drinking smart water .
also before i go i would like to comment on the massive amounts of the in the police .
so far the only thing getting is happened that has bought a note in my that says that .
i do n't know the key to success , but the key to failure is trying to make me .
waiting for love once upon a time , there was a girl in the .
she had not always been there , once she was to a lord .
she had never seen her father , for he left her mother before she was born .
her mother never shown the girl much love , for she wanted to forget the daughter that from her .
may lived with her mother in the cottage for ten years .
then one day , her mother fell in love with a lord .
they got married , may and her mother moved into the office with the lord and his three daughters .
the girls , , and , were very beautiful , with shiny blonde hair and charming .
they were older and their bodies had beautiful .
not only they were beautiful , they were very charming as well , perhaps it was the way they are
everyone loved them , even may s mother .
perhaps more than she loved her , . thought this .
the lord often went travelling on business trips and was rarely home .
treated her husband s girls well .
she them and herself too with and dresses and using the lord s money .
the girls .
they were surrounded by , from the highest to the to slave division boys .
we all this , was may .
plain may , whom nobody cared to notice .
and the lord s girls held parties day in , day out .
there was nobody that would tend the fire .
the wedding stole to the parties and neglected their jobs .
may , being the kind girl that she was , took over the job .
she didn t care much for parties anyway .
her mother ignored her most of the time , and may was a little afraid of her .
so she didn t ask her mother to buy her a new dress when her old one was in the
a of from of the fire covered her dress and hair .
may worked quietly at the fire , while her and mother were having fun .
she was used to this lifestyle when she was living with her mother , so she t didn complain .
she used to fight back when her mother ordered her to do things , but after many painful lessons .
what s the use anyway ?
her were not mean to her ; she was almost invisible to them .
when they did see her occasionally , they d to her as they did to most people .
after a while , had to let the kids start with this morning $ t to pay them .
she d spent the money on parties and fashion .
may s mother was still moody , but she was more stable since the marriage .
after the marriage , she was too .
~ * ~ may was the floor one day when she received a letter from a his spoon .
before she could open it , it was from her from hands .
may turned around and saw her crowded around the letter .
open it , open it !
it s from the palace .
, being the oldest at office , took the letter from and open the letter .
~ * ~ it was the night of the first ball .
the girls had been preparing the for this for night .
it was decided that would accompany may s while may would stay at home the fire .
she didn t mind , she didn t like these social - anyways .
had actually saved up some money to pay for all this .
the clock struck eight ; may s family had been gone for an hour .
she sat in front of the fire , wondering what the ball looked like .
she almost wanted to go , out of curiosity .
may got up and to two s room .
she washed her hands bare feet carefully before entering .
she looked through s closet for the perfect dress .
they were too long and too thin , for had a great figure .
next , she went through s dresses .
although she was the youngest , her dresses were bigger but shorter than her sister s .
besides , her dresses were too bright and for may .
may .
surprisingly , s dresses fit may s small and and figure .
she found a simple blue dress at the back of the closet and put it on .
then she washed and cleaned her face in s .
next , she carefully her her lj too weekend , which was due to the that settled .
she gave up after a while , because some were impossible to brush out .
may put a . that she found over her hair to cover her hair and her face to prevent the
may saw a pair of tiny glass at the bottom of s closet .
she carefully picked them up and put them on .
when she was ready , may locked the door and walked to the palace .
she took off her job and carried them because they were too uncomfortable to walk in .
the driver looked honest enough , so she agreed .
may nodded and walked up the stairs to the palace .
she meant to in the window , but an office his kids through the front door .
may was .
the . was huge !
there were hundreds of lighting the room .
and painting lined the walls between the huge windows reaching from floor to ceiling .
so many couples were dancing together .
standing in front of them was the most handsome man may had ever seen .
he must be the prince .
may .
when she spotted them and was about to hide , a gentleman asked her to dance .
may didn t want to believe him by turning him down , so she agreed .
started through the dance , they switched partners and may found herself dancing with the prince .
she . deeply and avoided his eyes .
the price .
may danced a couple more dances before .
may spotted her family coming her way , so she quickly herself and hiding in went .
after a few more beers , the clock struck quarter to twelve .
may had to leave the ball .
she was .
the next night was spent in the last one , may danced while watched for her family .
again , the prince danced with her .
perhaps it was because of the mystery the over her head brought individually .
the night came for the third and final ball .
may waited as her as family left , her about libra where for he was going to the .
must be wearing them .
may put on an dress with pale silver set in the style that was popular at the .
she carefully her hair the best she could and again , the ? over her head .
the scene of the ball was the same as the others , but there was a tense feeling that i
almost every young lady was hoping that she would be picked as the wife of the prince , even .
the prince seemed nervous ; he didn t dance nor flirt nearly as much .
as usual , when the clock struck quarter to twelve , may left the to get her ride .
she and walked in down the steps towards the office still dressed .
a few minutes later , a knock came at the door .
told her daughter to hide , and may , not knowing why , did as she was told me .
a small opened the door and may s eyes from behind the wedding stand that she rolled behind the
it was the prince and his weekend !
may heard an .
another . brought out a .
may .
but alas , one by one they failed , even and , for the was too .
as the prince and his office were getting ready to leave , may her position from behind the .
may , she work t supposed to be discovered .
would kill her for breaking the to and for her .
here s another , one swearing dragged may out from her hiding place .
the look gave may sent a cold chill down the girl s back .
may sat down as an shook and as the clan onto the world her right foot .
it fit almost perfectly .
the prince looked surprised at first , then disgusted .
she was not very pretty , especially with the dirt on her face .
the prince would not have recognized her since she was wearing a dew at the ball .
the prince looked as if he was going to work , but changed his mind and nodded .
may suddenly didn t want to live with this man anymore .
her feelings before were perhaps just a crush on his appearance .
he nodded happily and looked as if a ton of had been lifted off his shoulder .
her normally .
her small frame , and in her hand was the other glass .
you , it is you the prince .
may was surprised as he brought her close .
she was even more surprised when tears in the prince s eyes .
may was closest to the couple , so she heard their conversation .
in may s fifteen years , the word love had never been directed at her .
her heart wanted to hear that word , especially from her mother .
tears of envy and beatles her hand for , she knew that her mother would be ashamed always .
but she could hope .
when the prince came to carry off her feet , may waited in the office .
for her mother s love , or perhaps another person s love .
well untill next time , out .
then i thought it all when i got home .
playing and you have to let him win !
if you take one of his pieces he throws a !
one of these days !
i feel i feel heavy !
i get into over small things .
i ca n't help it when i see skinny girls
i mean they can fit into any clothes get any guy they wants
it 's unfortunate that i 've disrespect .
i am happy that i 've manage to lose some .
my weight was i manage to to it in to sec NUM .
however i am still not yet satisfied .
parts of the body where i wan na slim on is my arms .
i feel that it is big .
how i wish i got the time to go to the gym .
* .
although i 'm no longer being !
standing beside and is even more worse .
i kept hating myself .
why am i like this ?
why am i not like that ?
i walk up the stairs walk home after school waiting meals especially rice .
some of u may have noticed that i no longer eat during food after for me .
if i 'm hungry i 'll on on apples .
i 've heard of the apple .
apples for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
i do feel that i 'm sure myself .
i ca n't help feeling insecure .
too bad i live in a perfect world '' where world u see skinny models in NUM .
yes i do receive compliments nowadays .
even my childhood friends noticed the change .
i will try not to do those stuff again but old habits are hard to die .
two pills and are going out of the question .
- is another . factor .
you .
i do feel guilty when i eat in large .
it 's god 's creation .
i just wish i could appreciate and love myself more
are you a russian ?
the birth of a baby , how can one ever explain the .
all i can really say is its amazing !
he the mother goes through pain but to only the of having a baby !
well im !
im publishing some pictures of the baby in my picture journal so check it out !
so , yesterday 's jordan birthday and she had a bday party .
consequently had me come over because she did n't want to be with all jordan 's friends by herself .
we all hung out and at supper and at NUM : NUM we went to the pool .
we had been there and saw a few people we knew .
when we got home we 'd be '' , but it was n't your ordinary .
the last person to sit down had the hide !
i was n't very good at this game i was the last person to find the twice .
sad sad sad oh well !
a hid for me one time !
but i was good at hiding !
actually i was very good !
after we finished that , we watched the movie of a teenage drama queen , i guess it was a
oh yeah , earlier , we watched bubble boy !
man , that movie is funny . !
she figured i was having a dream about weekend i , i might have been but i have to be
hahaha good times , good times !
oh yeah , yesterday was my !
happy NUM birthday to me !
i know , i do n't know about u , but i ca n't wait till school starts !
not the learning part or anything , but just to do my friends . !
ok well i think ako bye
my diary of what happened on our trip , slightly .
i was going to make more years , but i only made one for some reason .
this is the group on the bus just after we landed .
look at that .
it was already sure how do u expect me to open my eyes big big ?
lol that pretty pregnant beside me is stephanie !
so far summer school has been long and hierarchy .
i fall asleep quite a bit in period .
it 's not fun .
heh , i like little sentences .
yeah , i 'm tired right now , hence the grammar .
i 'm sure once again from # .
i 'll get on again when i want .
i finally quit my piano lessons today .
it was a waste of time and a waste of money .
i did n't really go to work today .
i thought it was a late start .
i went to like one class today .
i should have just stayed home .
i do n't know if i can go back to work .
honestly , i 'm really scared .
there 's only a week or so left but my english teacher is going to kill me .
i do n't know why i find her so .
she 's short , skinny and pregnant
everyone is freaking out today .
they are driving me nuts .
one minute they are happy and the next they are ready to blow someone 's head off .
i do n't really know where to start but this is something i have to say .
so that leaves you the only person who does n't know .
i refuse to believe that you are in love with me .
we hardly ever talk .
i mean , i needed to my boyfriend for $ NUM hours everyday .
i have a hard time holding a conversation with you for more than NUM minutes .
why would you want to share the friendship that we used to have .
you 've changed so much .
i miss the old matt .
the matt who i could talk to , who i could share out with .
do n't you miss all those sunday mornings at village ? ?
i 'm telling you right now you need to get over me and move on .
i 'm not that cool .
you 'll find someone who is right for you , and believe me that person is not me .
she always thought you were one of the greatest people that she knows but then you went and lead .
why did n't you just tell her from the very beginning .
just go up to her and talk to her .
she 's not mad at you or anything she just wants to know the truth .
what you do about sam , well that 's your choice but i know you 'll do the right .
i 'm sure sent i have n't been writing here in such a long while .
for the past some odd weeks , i 've been writing for classes , between and doing very little .
and who 'd want to read that ?
as if i 'd have the balls to post anything i 've written either .
at least , nothing i ca n't defend with a moment .
but hey , come to our performance october .
it 's at NUM at the weekend .
please , support the arts .
but i guess now i 'll just use this as my writing online journal .
it 's better then the one i had before anyways !
he always seems to work me and always me with the things he says .
he always makes me thinks .
with everything he says .
so be sure .
it 's also very amazing how you can feel so close with someone by just talking to them over .
i mean i go with all my problems to him and he always seems to listen and make me .
i think that it 's about time i take a road trip and go and see him !
lol he 's a totally amazing person and we have begun in common .
it 's weird very weird in here someone i 've never met before .
i even feel closer to him then i did to his friend .
but ohh well whatever .
anyways .
i do n't want you to become so into yourself and thinking your the greatest thing alive .
i have n't been doing much this monday morning .
just reading .
i have been so busy i have n't been able to talk to alot people i usually talk to get
which is n't cool .
it sux but all needs to be done so i can graduate and all this .
well this weekend was may NUM and let me tell you did i party saturday night .
friday i did n't go out so that i could be ready for saturday .
then crystal and me went to the pit where the party was .
we set up our tent and started drinking .
i hung around with my friend work the most night .
we have never gotten drunk before together and let me tell you best time of my life .
i had a great time with time with friends and not worrying about anything .
i swear to god would i feeling my ankle so bad .
unfortunately our tent got soaked inside which was really shitty .
so we went to a friends house and slept there which was huh but we barely have been full .
and let me tell you sunday morning was not a good morning for me .
headache and stomach ache and felt like i was going to puke any minute .
so we went and is the tent down and while drinking wow almost .
needless to say i got NUM hours of sleep last night .
and now i 'm doing this .
so that was my great weekend .
not as great as i wanted it to be .
but good and thats all that matters .
you know i just realized how it 's so weird how people change and mature in a matter of the
it 's true tho .
you , yourself , do n't realize it but alot of people , your friends , realize it .
it 's weird how it happens .
i 've noticed alot of my friends up and realizing party life is n't the only life .
we let me tell you it 's a great life .
as long as you make your teenage years thats all that matters .
let me tell you mine will be .
everyone around me is growing up including myself and it 's scary .
i 'm not ready for the real life .
i 'm not ready to face reality .
i wo n't have protection , i wo n't have all my friend being there everyday .
i wo n't have a routine of going to work everyday and having to listening to teachers and having a
i know i hate it now but i 'm going to miss it .
i will be alone and having to make my own decisions and having to do everything for myself .
but i mean i have to accept the fact that i 'm older and it 's time i have to
it 's going to be hard but i 'm ready to do it .
unfortunately i am back to a bunch of my friends right tonight and now you know what music is .
his music is great .
unfortunately i think i 've written enough for today .
the title says it all .
apparently , today is s * x day ' .
well , it did though its got nothing to do with relationships shall i tell you anyway ?
then school ended .
and its friday today !
that means my first weekend blogging .
isnt it funny that today was very boring and yet i have a lot to say ?
it 's been a while !
for the record , i got back from work on saturday .
for the out there , have some photos here .
but this week has just been strange .
it was an emotional .
on tuesday i was the of weight of monday i did n't want to be back at work .
we got new though .
but they just made me more depressed because it turns out i have in friday .
yes , thats right !
click c , company , c , soft , high b , marriage .
then chemistry and applied in physics night after .
then , on wednesday , something happened in core .
that really made me feel weird !
. am had on .
maybe thats the emotional .
tim got his hair cut and woah !
he looks really , really hot !
but enough about tim .
it seemed like i connected with emma and and stuff !
i was speaking to them both i think .
made me made me back her not made , i guess .
i would said no !
to the library for german .
then while we were listening to an audio from the cd , she sat behind me on the chair .
it felt so right !
how bizarre ?
speaking of love , or lack there of , me and have n't spoken in what seems like that is
well , we had a fight ?
because he wanted some time apart .
but seriously , he did n't say why .
we did n't speak for a few days and then he .
i said to myself .
he rang me a few times while i 've been asleep , but i have n't returned his calls .
i guess i 'm a bit pissed off .
while we were talking he often said .
ha , me either .
so , as the job say , the has the hit the '' .
on wednesday night i spoke with for the first time in ages .
and we 're .
but nah , it 's like it was ago .
for the first time in ages it seems like some stuff is going right in my life !
except for the fact that i 'm lacking a boyfriend or girlfriend .
know ya , i 've been falling asleep all .
well , reading the least of these a great story about two gay lovers , and there .
seriously , it 's good .
even if you 're not gay , just read it and skip the sex bits !
i was quite emotional at times !
and now .
and im all eyed eyed !
what is going down in !
even and i will for a bit today .
she was shocked that i was in such a good mood .
it seems like i have n't been this good for ages !
all i need is a .
why is it that there will be something or someone we want we just ca n't have them ?
is it that they do not desire us or that it just is n't possible for us to have a
and last but not least , there are guys .
how crappy does life have to treat us ?
there is always something missing , it is near impossible to be truly satisfied with your life for even .
the worst part is that i am the stupidest friend '' for both sides .
would n't be so hard , if i did n't see the damn guy !
last night i even had the perfect opportunity to tell him how i felt but i just could n't be
sure it is n't as bad as it could have been but it was an opportunity that i should have
but that is that sad story of how my brain and my heart have .
i think i got the most of that out of my system .
omg one of my cousins from the funeral looks just like sean bean , seen as been .
well he looked a little different like younger and with brown hair but god it was .
i really wanted to call him seen been , but considering it was a funeral that would be horribly .
i ca n't believe i 've never seen this person before !
omg it was .
i 've been writing more and more in here lately .
* sigh * i do n't know what 's up with me .
i mean , i 'm happy but , i 'm sad at the same time .
i feel like i 'm missing something .
i feel like there 's something right in front of me that i should understand but do n't .
i 'm just , i do n't know
i havent blog for like a a week !
and that 's a record i had a temporary vacation from blogging because of my from exams earlier .
it was so tiring having to review all the time !
it totally sucks .
when i was in high school , i only scan my book , , then that 's it !
but i changed even i made for my subjects !
it whoa .
honestly , it was the first time i watched that flick !
's favorite was lost while a ago inside burger king everything happened so fast !
i did pity her coz she was crying !
just like that .
have to go blog later . !
miss u !
i going for overseas community service .
haha going to work for NUM weeks .
yea no need to go flag raising just to get a for .
how can i be intellectual and conservative when i am always with crappy around .
oh ah the same old thing not money enough , havent seen spiderman NUM yet .
unfortunately , have you ever noticed that only the broken paper towel always works ?
there 's like , four in a row and one has a broken handle so only the metal part of
that 's the only one that never .
it 's so weird that the job between a and is so .
lack of cash update : camp : complete !
comp : it 's not gon na cost what i thought it would , but patience , patience .
car insurance : i have no idea other than more than i want to pay .
magic cards : i have the cash , i need the time to find cheap ones .
man , that rocks .
so much has happened !
do n't ever have sex with a strange woman .
she will be you .
she will date your friend .
she will bring flowers to your mom .
she will your job .
she will your chances to getting onto a first rate sports team .
she will steal your car and try to kill your girlfriend with it .
do n't ever have sex with a strange woman .
for those of you who are wondering , i went to see the movie .
other than that it 's a good movie .
last night was halloween .
crystal and i did nothing special .
it is one of my favorite holidays , but nothing interesting ever happens on it .
just stupid .
i want to be the kind of guy who had a sweet wedding house in his garage every year .
i am going to church .
i am wearing a tie .
hey , i 'm about to go to my cabin spam my email box !
@ . !
well , how should i get my body NUM let me date again .
tell me what NUM write about .
if it all can know what happened between me where and something that made us break up me .
i love you all , danny
i 've been given an extra four days to finish up my job did n't come to the .
i present to you a picture of :
for a great christian try he and his friends have really made it great .
so thanks .
also all the . out there , thank you , without you guys none of this would be appreciating .
may god bless you and keep you , .
i think the reason i do n't update anymore is because no one wants to read the stuff i have
so it is all good and the ! i call friends said they were coming .
but then one by the one those town home '' crew with out crappy excuses and just plain .
this really sucked because there were perfect conditions for this retreat .
i mean there was considered and no school the next day .
on top of that there were cool games planned and a big screen tv for and watching movies and .
i still went and the weekend was pure .
i know they are busy but come on people you got ta look at what your doing .
i can get busy some times but that does n't stop me from seeing the old crew if they are
evil rob you really have to lay off the debate , it 's taking over your life .
i think it just need that everyone from is finally after mostly staying together for the time .
i actually have an interview at mr .
hero tomorrow but i think we can still keep it together man .
if nothing is done i 'm gon na fall off of the face of the earth like joe .
anyone who reads this me at to tell me what you think .
now is singing to the song before i let you go by .
his voice is nice but kinda like .
we didnt much but we accomplished fairly plenty .
we just need to add to the background study of our project .
now i am singing to the song breathe by michelle branch .
at his surprise party we are with his friends , the rich kid and harry his romantic .
um yeah , in case anyone is wondering why i dont answer calls and email , its becuase .
they are comfy !
i got my book from the summer reading list !
i chose when you come to a in the road from take it by !
it sounded like a good one better than the other ones .
he who coming to few something essays and know all the nations or countries or something on planet .
yeah okay see ya there not !
oh well its only the second week of .
who are three people you would want to have dinner with ?
lol !
yep i broke up with chris so this will probably be the last time you here about him .
i have to my room and well me and cleaning are mix .
you see when i clean then i take out of my closet and then it .
its just worse its done and then its perfect and then a week later its all bad again .
i cant find my dirty dancing soundtrack .
well i got to work on my room so .
: NUM .
- !
some ha - , NUM .
'' NUM '' .
ha - . - , !
- , , .
so anyway my happy happy !
so i 'm left with all the bad stuff affliction , i 'm a happy
* should have put plant , but did n't .
you know , the erm - industry plant , not a green thing .
* yup , my thought little why just do n't get them angry ooh no , that i have to
skin how is everyone ?
* homer conversation * he stood on your foot .
air are just cheap .
* i 'm actually going now , !
ah , yes , much better mood now time for pretty flowers .
i love these , and especially the smell .
ours died well , the colored ones .
we have white ones out in our yard .
roses this one is a black .
i have n't been here in ages again .
anyway , one good thing happened today .
my mom found .
been looking for that thing since i lost it , which was like a year ago .
cough zero period bullshit .
we 're learning how to find the volume of .
i 'm in a pool of stupidity .
okay , i 'll stop now .
first period i love this weekend .
it 's so freaking frustrating .
; ; ; we still do n't have it , by the way .
used all our !
something tells me we need a lot of help on this one .
damn you , NUM and NUM things .
is n't that lovely ?
turns out it was n't assigned at all and i was dreaming .
then an left and came in , so i talked to her .
third period two bloody hours of biology .
i do n't know how i managed to survive .
i mean , seriously .
lunch . won the anime club secretary position .
which is all for me , since i still get to design the ac website .
i plan on the board people to get a domain and a host so i can do this .
fifth period two hours of latin .
first few minutes were , more NUM,NUM , in and then , okay a full hour of the .
then we made out of paper .
do you know how hard it is to make a out of paper ?
and homer the little .
with shitty school for and this .
ca n't wait till tomorrow , those blocks are more fun
google image search for for bliss '' this was my desktop for a while .
what kind of alcoholic are you ?
brought to you by quizilla
the rain beats down on this weekend sky line , the sky looks dark ; .
i 'm holding on to nothing that wil happen in the near future .
we for holding me up so i could take the , the hugs and the kisses .
thank you , all of you .
but especially , you you know who i mean .
who in this day and age ?
but , all i on to the office 's stop .
at the ac stop was talking like '' what is going up today ? ''
and laughing at me alot .
* * but i am my !
funny , tho , i forgot them all .
the movie was cool .
saddam seeing pink with black hair : for who 's that ? ''
me : . black . ''
lmao carrie as a as a , nice little inside joke .
stupid : .
we left during the night in there 's an up my ass ! ''
they have his budget application , lol its always feels that political you up .
the line was really long , and it 's not even that good , really thick and does n't have
all with the and hats and hats shoes .
bad fashion is lol i 'm going to get jumped now .
then i got home , my old cousin arrived .
i introduced him to my aunt , who thought he was fred .
was asking me what 's hip with teenagers asking me about hip things ?
we watched the wedding , which was really and took itself too seriously no jokes .
but shit , you am fabulous head 's doing the .
ok so i made that up .
i 'm also going to work late july , to attend my mom 's second wedding .
all you 'll do for the rest of your life is stay home and cook for us ! ''
then is like , .
homer o really now ?
has someone been watching soap ? ''
ideally ahh , soap just like just so much better on toast . ''
cousins are the best .
just a
oi .
so , we that we must take a bus to get the capital but we didn t know .
lol finally we found one and took the bus right to the capital .
there we met other classmates and we were having ' fun , drank ' and why not be .
anyhow plus , think do u think about this ? ?
i think after today i 'm done with all the graduation i have to go to .
what a relief , and now i know how to do it for next year .
i wonder if i 'll have as many next year .
sadly probably not , even though i will be a woman .
lol , how ironic .
oh well , they do n't like me , and i do n't like them .
it all works out .
tomorrow i have to go to great work , and find clothes for my trip to .
i am job my aunt , and i have to be while i 'm at her office .
that 's NUM days , and i certainly do n't have NUM days worth of clothes .
i have maybe NUM .
so wonder woman helped me put some stuff together tonight .
so far we have NUM years , but that 's four short .
hopefully my mom is understanding with her tomorrow , or i 'm going to struggle .
that 's all for now .
i 'm sure this post is written so poorly , but i 'm really today .
i too two really hard .
it was tough to wake up .
i am sure to add my first post to this blog full of insight and talent .
i am also pleased to the office of a new of this blogging of if it works .
i will bring to the table office knowledge of the american political system , my office is only by the
of state , he majority of us are in her district , and the .
yes , some i heard speak , others met personally , i one introduced to a group before a few
anyway , i am but i play devil 's very am instead , if only for the sake .
so with that , i feel i have much to add in the coming election year and beyond .
my duty to the blogging community , to ignorant democrats and republicans , and to america at large .
wise men seek , but do not find .
homer hear , but do not learn .
i gave it up , but now am a part now am apart a part of the .
i ask you now , with humble heart , forget your aside , and worry no more .
join the quest , and find the way the way , the way , the way , the way .
the way of the !
doug came thursday night and we were put to work early friday morning .
that day was the which was a big surprise '' party for me .
i already knew , i didnt tell anyone but the guests who brought gifts and were confused when it was
i had to tell them i knew so they were n't freaked out that they may have ruined .
do n't my mom already had that part taken care of .
so anyway , we set up and i had to wear a dress .
it was a short , , dress .
i felt naked .
well , i practically was !
and then doug had on his grass skirt and very nice by the way .
i think it takes a very secure man to wear a skirt of any kind .
i guess thats why im attracted to that hot guy .
oh my god , i think , im going to melt just thinking about him .
i have a picture of him and i somewhere .
i should take it to that work thingy and blow up the part with just him .
let me just say , i did n't ? well when i had my short hair .
well , i 've gotten besides the point .
the next day saturday was the friggin ' bake sale .
we have so much left over !
i gained NUM lbs .
and now im on my period , which will make me .
by the way , i 've decided to go for about a week to quickly lose those .
personally , i do n't see anything wrong with it as long as it does n't become a habit .
today is the first day , and i expect to report back soon about how it 's going .
ok well simple plan .
ok all be off . ?
it 's easier to think when you do n't have to brother
today has once again been quite boring .
everyone just needs to fuck off and stop bothering me
finally got windows NUM , right now im up my pc for my .
i 'm back home from north carolina !
anyway , hope everyone had as much time while i was gone as i did .
that 's pretty much what we did .
on monday we went downtown to get some ice to the arcade , which was sweet .
i had mint chocolate chip , oh so tasty .
tuesday : more beach , got !
i had triple rings and a grilled cheese sandwich .
that night we played !
wednesday : stomach said .
thursday : i need around at the house after waking up late , waiting to go .
so we are .
so then we 'll work , finally , for our full hour .
only this time my parents came along .
and they did n't have any in a big enough size .
i was n't tired by the end of it , i was impressed .
anyway , it was great .
there were some fish jumping out of the water , i 'm not sure what kind ben , i have
but it was pretty , there was !
then we 'll home and played .
i did n't win .
friday : we went home
stayed at a hotel .
i got a weekend headache .
could n't fall asleep until NUM : NUM saturday : home , !
after a lot of driving , we finally made it home !
it felt nice to get back into and see my and brother and everything .
it just felt so good , i was home !
so i hung around a bit with matt and read the new office , then brought my stuff in the
after that i went out and would be started like a , it felt wonderful .
my legs were dying to be , and when i finally did , they just for everything .
cleared the foot fence like it was nothing , it felt fantastic .
climbed up my porch and around over the office over , then went inside .
i had missed that so much .
then we went out for dinner and i ate food .
now i am not hungry .
now i 'm on aim wondering why music is n't playing .
well , that 's it .
so long and thanks for all the fish
ah yes , a new chinese year and i have finally round to starting a weblog .
but i suppose 's actually going to read this .
anyhoo , i went to a new chinese year celebration tonight and it was quite bad .
today has been a fun day so far .
in the morning , around NUM : NUM , amanda came over .
i got dressed and ready , and then we went to work run some errands . ''
first , we 'll head to her friend 's house so pick could up some clothes she had a .
she has talked about before , so it was nice finally meeting her .
then we went to the mall because amanda needed to get a bathing suit top .
let me just say that the fat kid did n't get the low carb pizza this time !
after the bar we stopped by durham 's house to pick up some cds .
we stayed there for about NUM minutes , maybe , and then we 'll to alex 's house to the
when we were there , i had to do some - dirty work '' for alex .
the things i do !
.
so far that has been my day , but i doubt it will get any more exciting .
basically what i 'm trying to say is that i 'll have more to blog about later .
what bizarre japanese are you ?
made by yours truly .
headache , you had a headache !
i bet mine was NUM times worse than yours !
not only have i had it for a week now but i do n't have an for another time .
in fact they are all of each other , really helpful and are happy to help each of the
then my cousin was on content and it was cool talking to him as he is in north carolina .
they are both really lucky .
have to go and visit them then .
: sharing what : ?
sincerely : sure : - : yay !
the .
dice : * cries * : 3m !
he accused them of years .
he worked with jane to .
now this man wants to be the most powerful man in the world .
he wants to be your president .
and you know what 's really scary ?
today is wednesday .
every wednesday , of bloggers would be taking their readers to volunteer the bush to
i just got done watching lord of the rings : the return of the king .
so many things were stolen from other works either books or movies .
but i still loved it .
although , i think that some things dragged on and never truely appreciated visiting .
and orlando bloom 's character , like a .
oh and homer kicks ass .
ahh anyway i loved it and believe cant i know so long without seeing it .
going to go running , get some exercise since ive been sitting on my ass for over three hours .
i actually put a song for a title .
hmm thats not like me .
but then again i feel feel like me .
i havent talked to any of the people that i usually talk to all the time for like three .
well at least i can admit it .
i want up however somewhere , and never come back .
i wan na run away from my problems .
and christi not be at all so once again , i think im going insane , im also listening to
which i do very often very .
and i heard dashboard dashboard on the radio .
why do people like that stuff .
it sucks , they have no talent , none .
now boston they have talent .
my birthdays august hah .
your gon na be buying alot of presents around that time .
because thats also close to a few other cool cats birthdays and if your cool you know who i 'm
it got me outta the house .
and then baby came over saturday morning .
on friday i got in a jet crash office and got a .
me and taylor watched silence of the .
i almost am my pants .
dont worry im not a , but im listening to this god damn music .
how can people do this all day ah .
its pink in i , think im happier already
the urban thought in favorite michael dinner is now selling through spoon machines .
read more about the machine .
how will you die ?
name / username you will die from blood loss at age NUM this cool quiz by - NUM .
get free daily from
i am no longer saying the pledge in its original form .
another thing that me is people 's obsession with proper and respect to a flag !
meanwhile , the holy bible is under the dirty laundry maybe .
also , people stand for the national ?
NUM n me
if you get a job post celebration then i want an post celebration .
or maybe a first post from work party or something .
every u !
although i am it has changed coz the last time i did it i wanted to see blood .
it wasnt just about hurting it was about seeing myself bleeding .
if i knew somehow could clear of all .
im sorry im hurting people through doing this and through just being me and being etc .
i for my ranting on here and for being a general bitch when i hear things i dont have to
and that sounds really horrible to everyone i know now and to phil .
being with phil is so different from being with ben .
i mean , i know keeps different totally people but the actual relationship is different .
i think it went alot with tonight with that but may have been coz it was the first .
also , i spent more time with ben just being us two without other people being round .
and coz we started going out in the summer we saw each other pretty much all day everyday for the
i really like with but phil am in any that makes me wonder what makes looking for it .
its all very different with phil .
and hes a lot more open than i am .
i can joke about it and shit but i actually should hear aggravating with people .
theres probably one or two people i can talk to seriously bout it and they , most likely , i
i think there are gon na be alot of in this blog .
and here comes another , im sorry im not more open and willing to talk to people bout myself .
i think im finally running out of things to rant about .
and i feel a lot better .
im very sure to anyone who reads and gets offended or hurt or anything else bad from what i do
i do want to hurt anyone anymore but i most probably will .
needless to say my mom this dining this weekend to spend time with me .
i went to look around at work 's because i got $ NUM from the yard sale and they have
she tried to buy me clothes because i guess she thinks she can buy me back .
, she ca n't .
i hate when she does that .
i love when i get new stuff but i hate what else it costs me .
sunday school little mary was not the best student in sunday school .
usually she slept through the class .
one day the teacher called on her while she was .
shouted mary and the teacher said , very good '' very and mary fell back to sleep .
a while later the teacher asked mary , who is our lord and our ? ''
but mary did n't even stir from her .
once again , johnny came to the rescue and stuck her again .
shouted mary and the teacher said , very good . '' , and mary fell back to sleep .
then the teacher asked mary a third question , what did what eve said to adam after she had to
and again , johnny her with the pin .
this is how close we were !
i later got one of his foul balls .
is it a process ?
or is it a creation by anybody ?
or is it the of something ?
or is it a world of ?
or is it a ?
or is it a of ?
or is it a pitch of ?
or is it a of something ?
or is it a pool of and ?
or is it a for ?
or is it an this of ?
or is it a of of and wisdom ?
hey guys . !
well last night i ended up going to work 's and then we walked to the church to do .
she made me laugh .
i came home and still did n't feel !
well i stayed up really late just thinking about all the things that get stuck on my mind .
i was in work and all that .
it was like all backwards , i was in a special group kind of thing and i walked to the
why am i dreaming of teachers ?
umm a chicken picture , clothes , well a rainbow jacket !
chat to you laters love
omg me and !
lol but i am excited about tonight with cody omg lol i have just shot .
peace out .
drew and spoon kicked ass .
everyone else did a good job too . !
okay i just did it again .
whenever i do these .
to end a sentence i always put a period after it .
i have issues i think .
thats it .
paris halo .
by the centre and are supposed to protect you from the evil eye .
well shit here it is .
darkness over the over sky .
to the east some stars had started to shine .
finally got up out of the long grass and , she wanted to get away from her .
meeting up with the path out of the kids she took a left and cut across some bush until i
making sure not to tear her jeans on the wire she climbed over it .
she reached her house , .
opening the front door she headed straight for her room , hoping to avoid all from her family from the
it .
like she could do more than her parents and the world would let her .
she wanted to explore past the wedding .
she wanted to break free .
but everytime she got a chance she felt like a dog tied to a tree , just out of the
like a moon , to be to the same planet for eternity .
yeah well , that s my story .
what your problem again as my names brian and i m an he said .
what mind set have you been living in ?
you didn t need to completely crack it , i was just asking .
i didn t mean to upset replied , shocked by brian s sudden .
i am now , talk to you brian said after awhile .
see you later .
bye brian signed off .
signed off too , no one else worth talking to was online .
she shut down the computer and checked the clock , NUM : NUM am , time for bed .
i had tuition today within - NUM : .
i managed to understand certain parts of physics and chemistry tt i was confused bout ' .
luckily , my tuition teacher was able to explain it to me .
i am for the rest of the day till bout ' evening time .
my whole family was out by time weekend , so i decided to go out as well .
i went to for a new school bag as my current one had a hole .
my keys were nearly lost once , but luckily tt hole was n't big enough for my keys to the
unfortunately , it has now become bigger .
i went to west mall first as to work point .
at work point , there were more shops to look for bags .
there were shops like , world of sports , royal stupidest house and all bags .
it cost me $ NUM , but i thought it was pretty worth it .
i 'd saw this in all in bags this weekend i liked , but i could n't buy .
i had to save money to buy fat pussy cat 's soccer boots .
* .
i came back to work !
i proceeded home after this weekend and daughter was yet home .
haha , so i was first to return back home .
i took a shower and came online to blog .
at the same time , i 'm originally simple book complete on fox NUM , lame reality tv lame .
well , tt 's bout ' it for today .
i had a friend , earlier , say my writing was quite good , .
however , also that it was a little .
ironically enough , it is now her that i will talk about .
in a personal way .
two months to the day , actually we met june , we assumed a friends .
our relationship was not a failure , however .
of course , if it s only one side that decides this , you would end up with an
fortunately , none were born this time around .
not that time is much of a job , but just the same , NUM years is different than the
agreed on each side , it was a , with no specific fault on either side .
secondly , i am .
however , i will admit , i am a different side of myself when i write .
not a different or fake self , but a different side .
we just realized that while we 'd know when i write , it s not so much in so i
we re okay with that .
we had a great time of discussing all this last night .
online , actually , which was quite fortunate , as i was able to express myself better , as i
it was exactly that .
strange how much my life so often from that from movie .
which of the lies will we use in . i have and none .
we re friends and quite comfortable with that .
unfortunately , this friday i am having relatives from new york to visit come , and they are staying .
not to mention my sister 's bat is on saturday .
so this week is gon na be packed with cleaning unsuspecting house .
i am hoping that on monday or so i can hang out with all of my friends at once .
that means you red , john , and .
maybe we can all hang at red 's house .
but untill then , heres some one else with the latest news structure
nothing wrong nothing with being .
it 's not like your worth talking to . ''
courtney , i love you and you are one of the coolest friends i have ever had !
as for the little crush
i ca n't do it
i will not have you hurt because of it .
so straight up yeah i think i may have a thing for him now and he told the .
but i know you are trying to cover it up you still like him .
but it being him , i could n't
i would n't want to be pushing it in your face that is just too hard for me .
so yeah this sucks but i wo n't let him come between us .
and like you said there are other fish in the sea
i do n't need to try and catch the same one as you !
and homer yeah i am pumped for our adventure !
it is gon na rock boys or no boys !
but hello look at us there will be boys !
- about a boy about at NUM : NUM am .
; girly ; .
stand up , stretch , go pee and remember that i love you !
: still u like her nicole do n't u ?
yes that 's right .
exactly one week until i turn NUM yay !
mommy and daddy will take care of that !
my mom is in this online club and she got NUM new dvds for free today .
we got i am sam , the wizard of oz , the color purple , the , and i had
i am very excited to watch all of them .
well , i decided to stay home tonight since i 'm still feeling pretty .
the is the thing !
had a great game in the noon today .
got NUM out of NUM things needed for . NUM 's support job quest !
but , with a balanced party with players from the office , we can own a easily .
gon na get the .
getting a support job and there i go killing and stuff !
i should be support job out .
bleh my life has hit a new low
is n't that alcoholic ?
i see they 're starting sex education even earlier than planned too many .
man my wallet is full of nothin ' but .
i need some serious cash .
i 'm gon na start looking for a job today , so do n't expect me to write too .
summer has been flying by and i 've got alot of goals and dreams i 'd like to accomplish .
i 'll fill you in when i 'm not busy > .
i finally joined in in !
sunday means the end of an era .
or at least a week .
yes folks , another week has gone by in as 's life .
it started boring but just got .
nothing like just hanging out and talking to people .
just quickly realized that he has done over NUM blogs in his life .
that is a lot .
it could be more than like NUM even .
so he has been really pouring his heart out for a while now .
and it really is .
and from some responses he has been successful .
today was a good day for quickly .
got up around NUM and that was nice .
he watched some football and talked to his parents .
then he ate and talked mccartney .
then he left to get depp for his at .
that means that he now can do more .
which means he has to get some new ideas for shows or whatever .
the public is his into his next venture !
and so is he actually .
he needs some good ideas and the mtv idea needs to be so that it would be .
after getting the weekend he went down to noble and noble to get some extra credit for english .
there was a poetry reading and approximately NUM students or so were there .
all in this little corner of the store .
and some weird poems were presented .
mainly because it reminded him of his situation with tina .
not that it is really a situation anymore .
but as you can see , he still can not get her out of his head .
she is a daily subject of conversation for him really .
i tried to tell him that he should n't spend time over her over .
well , he is n't ' anyway but he is just thinking about her .
and really there is n't any other girl that he knows of that he could spend time .
unless there is some girl information from him .
and that is wrong .
find a way to let him know , work .
chances are he will show an interest in talking about it .
so they might think that he wo n't truly care about them .
well that has this him .
but as was just told by one of his friends that she was going to soothe him .
oh yeah the poetry reading .
so then they all around the reader and he went to work .
there and am less next to each other and they talked some and that was .
perhaps and .
and then it came to be that it was just a dream with quickly and tina .
and he was like , hear this fact i had a dream two nights ago about tina . ''
so that was ironic .
well has quickly been rambling a lot again this blog .
actually you ca n't really call it rambling when this is pretty much all his blog is .
so now he will call it blogging .
so has quickly is blogging a lot this blog .
but the blogging parts are sometimes the most entertaining so he ca n't leave those out .
he basically likes stuff and does n't like other stuff .
let 's just leave it at that .
but he likes you so do n't worry .
this is .
well , actually even still does n't necessarily not like you .
it is just he hates what you do .
you have something that many people would kill for perhaps n't a trooper is one he is ?
just kidding he would n't kill or would . he . ?
you 'll never know . !
and yet you just are an ass to it .
balls up and be a real man about it .
actually no , do n't .
you do n't deserve tina .
oh no , enough of this .
yet another blogging job done on this blog by quickly .
he 's gon na go eat some more !
perhaps 's bed where all good things go at night , or during the day really .
and by good things he most obviously leaving ya on your own for this one .
dont ever get food for i think ive thrown up more in the last NUM hrs than i have been
i just weighed and im NUM pounds lighter than yesterday afternoon .

wow ; go to work seems realize i had so many fans of this blog .
i 'm kind of like a retarded celebrity now .
well school today was bad i guess .
i was i could be all tired until i got like what NUM hours of sleep ?
and i failed like all of those tests i took spring break .
just like i .
it 's like pick one or the other : study or make money , makes money on .
still now felt really before i got drawn all over by certain people .
i 'm also going to grade tomorrow with .
i kept telling her , work young , i will afford myself on a women , let me did n't
she said , .
yeah thanks mom that makes me feel great .
lol i 'm still deciding what kind of car i wan na get .
either a grand am or a of .
whatever kind i want it silver hard to find though .
spring break was all right got ta go tho type later bi
`` god in heaven ! ''
homer yeah , that 's where he is . ''
i do n't even know why i 'm telling you this .
i just have nothing better to day .
perhaps you can think of words that describe me and my future future .
bb and me : this is going to be the coolest prison ever !
mrs. w no , not the math teacher : it 'll be the coolest prison ever .
people will want to come !
me : even the bread will be cool !
translation : you girls are brilliant .
bb 's sister is a character .
she calls betty the big gray . ''
losing my only home in this dark dead world of lust today was like a waste .
all day i thought it was friday seriously .
then aaron said it was thursday and i got upset .
oh well , tomorrow is friday so thank god .
had a spanish test today , dont think i did so hot on that .
same with my science test recently get so bad at work .
i used to be like , get all my homework done , teachers pet kind of a student .
now , i never do my spanish homework , thats before i never actually go to spanish anymore much .
.
science i 've always sucked at .
i think he 's .
hopefully the weekend will be one big party .
at least its supposed to be .
friday : im at rachel 's with katie and .
that will be a good reunion thing .
saturday : word on the street is that we 're going to the zoo ?
but just get an idea i guess .
people are comming over for a a party '' hopefully .
otherwise i have going next door to vegas with his body 's house sitting neighbors our house .
wow , he 's extremely attractive .
im so happy that we 're finally like friends .
now i dont have to admire him from .
well anyway , i hope this weekend will be a good time .
im in need of some actual fun and not just sitting around doing nothing everyday .
i just hope i dont get sick of them .
i probably will though whatever
i have better things to talk about today than how history class went , or how apartment night off .
well unfortunately yeah most of this post is be been about ready by shortly as had really good .
ok to work my early day .
woke up , went to work , history .
oh yeah our triple dew killed the other years ^_^ .
math class we around and took up this weekend .
programming played some on yahoo .
oh yeah turns out .
c if it 's really that important then i guess it 's worth it .
well anyways after work , met up and dan for a after school session .
turns out jason said he wants to come to basement jam too .
meh more business and it is for a good cause and it 's as it worth .
* the session lasted around an hour and a half .
did n't really hit much .
just kinda thought around , tried some new stuff , worked mostly on .
i really do n't start more often after work .
and it 's me somehow too .
i get better at breaking slob .
came for a bit to watch , and this other white kid did too in .
on my way home i just hoped that that did n't rescue the main plan again like he did n't
well got home , and .
* turns out he is coming * good * and he was be ready to be my house at the
well i played silent hill NUM for a bit .
gets more and more twisted .
some person was locked up in a locker trying to get this way through at me .
lucky it was behind glass .
well then we see some % .
* it was decent i guess .
i sigh off , and we all ate then for basement jam .
we were perfectly on time .
signed up but forgot to sign up as this superior !
so we went in as .
amazed at how many people were there .
there was probably somewhere around NUM people in there .
a lot of people showed up .
saw lots of familiar faces from .
well we started around at the beginning for about NUM minutes to warm up .
i just .
she freeze , , , , .
i then did a few .
they were pretty smooth i was surprised .
talked to some people , see who we were gon na battle .
i was surprised to see how many people i knew were there .
also how i somehow into his lindsay brown and there .
they 're real cool kids though .
i was just real surprised that they were there .
in the end i think there were NUM of us from central .
also saw .
apparently me and oil be pretty much the crew run there so everyone was hoping they 'd n't .
well in the end we ended up .
vs .
wow just our luck .
we get against one of the wedding in london .
obvious what the outcome was .
i was actually pretty happy my round though .
i pulled off with fairly well and a decent practices .
reagan called nice in too , and some .
but in the end like i said we lost to .
i 'm not surprised .
one team got a buy though well now another few months * two round was full of two .
but throughout the breaking , not a whole lot of power .
but lots of style and .
it really shows how power is n't necessary to win a battle , and it 's mostly about style .
but crazy about sick crew made it a a lot further .
they somehow got knocked out by by and which was total crap .
well now we had an before night we drove onto .
crew .
* highlights of battle ?
details pulled red and halo .
had does really nice .
but and did put up getting a good fight .
but i think their asses .
well now it was part of the jam .
semi finals and finals .
and mike and the other guy got .
however and made it to round two .
* but semi finals and finals were the huge highlights .
this was basically where all the remaining pulled out getting the big guns .
huge style , mad .
in the semi finals this one guy pulled off the biggest ever years .
he started off doing my and then did some other move like a spinning air baby or the and .
landed back on his head .
like it was set up .
then he started ! putting a through his legs .
after about NUM rounds of that his crew member throws him a water bottle and he does another time .
then he actually drinks through the bottle in a freeze .
i was totally by by that .
ugh if only i had my .
it was so sick .
i honestly liked the place battle more than the .
the other guy pulled off mad top rock and .
i think those two years deserve to go to finals for and .
the place battle was between the two years , with lots of american and a .
that was why i really liked it also .
oh there was a lot of sick , but i ca n't describe em .
lots of and work .
and was unbelievable .
well the .
the first place cash prize was NUM and was NUM .
there were also for hats for n ' .
steve got a hat .
unfortunately right now i 'm very tired and wan na sleep .
but basement jam NUM totally .
and i strongly urge people to go to basement jam NUM if there is one that is .
you 'll be by what happens .
jason was even surprised how crazy ' could get .
after that though is here very for '' $ NUM % er # NUM under the .
but yeah i 'm for sure .
do n't wan na lose what or my .
keep workin on em .
well i 'm out so see i 'll talk to you people later .
they go to .
and what do we do when we are really bored ?
we play hide n ' go seek at !
so that 's what we did , then it turned into a tag game .
was chasing me and rebel mary yelled at me * cries * .
i never liked her anyway .
that gets here in less than NUM hours .
we 're going to see the village tomorrow .
my writing sucks , nowadays .
we and danny la , previous love interest of my own and current with this male friend current .
but the boy never spent one too tight smoking if he oh wait , he does n't think .
sorry , my mistake .
good guy , he is .
and i have it on big that he loves that emma , but she doesnt know it .
they would just make such a great couple if it is a for few huge reasons .
today i woke up on the floor as i was sleeping over my body ordered with a .
i obviously slept in a bad position .
i had breakfast and then we left our cousin 's house .
after i had finished talking to sean , i watched the of of idol .
the judges were very nice even ian ' , the nasty , mean judge .
after that i had an early night as it was a work night and i was quite tired .
hey we are not different from those that are involved in !
fair go . !
pretty boring day really .
i give up i have come to a conclusion .
i am html .
i 'm really pissed off at the moment .
mainly with my parents .
they just are always on for myself sites i decide to do .
they do n't trust me .
they always want every single detail and they never let me do anything my own way .
if you 're reading , then you 're mad .
if you think i 'm talking crap , feel free to noticable .
a word of advice : yell at old people : it 's fun .
then you can run away and they 'll never catch you .
heehee clever or what ?
however use several of this tip can give one hell of a headache and pretty sore eyes .
then make another of things that will make you feel better and do all of those things , however .
if the answer 's no , then you 're a very .
, must be off , so keep watching the job , and burning lists and yelling at old .
woo you might learn something knows !
i remind wednesday plan going to see off friday especially the humidity in the days NUM days .
ako website nice highway tonight removed to let go let it go jus let
well i have a few things to say .
first off , i hate it when people claim something that isnt theirs .
he wouldnt have even known about it if it wasnt for me .
and the guy who does that knows who he is .
i have the right mind to not even let him be in my movie now .
and then he says he doubts the movie will !
that makes me very very mad , months worked hard on the script .
but he is no longer my , i can do it without him .
but another thing that is bothering me is my family and some adults i know .
i met a guy at world , and my parents have me about him .
everyone keeps saying that he is too old and all these other mean things and they even dont know .
he is a great guy and an awesome christian .
he means alot to me and helped me when i needed him .
no one knows anything about him .
they were n't at world they dont know .
billy is great , and i wish my parents wouldnt judge him before they meet him .
they say never judge someone before you get to know them but thats exactly what they are doing .
and another friend of the family has been rude about it .
no one understands and im kinda struggling coz i met at understood world me .
my parents dont know .
i just wish that i could be back with the same group of people .
i wish billy was closer .
and i told my sister about him hoping she would understand but she just said he only wanted me .
and i know that billy isnt like that .
we talked about all that and he is highly like that at all it just makes me really working .
but i am going to play .
now i need to concentrate on happiness right now and be glad that i have billy ryan sunny jr .
and glad that i always have my best friend to listen to me when im sad and what not .
i love this .
but unfortunately good night .
well , i think i 'll juz sum up this .
well , on monday , i received this email from after he read my blog .
well , i 'm not gon na say he definitely wrote in there cuz it 's like more than the
i was sure after pissed about this as i felt more tt some money wrote ' again like an .
i didnt reply him instantly as i had a pretty hard time my emotions , so i decided to do
when i managed to relax a lil ' bit , i realised something definitely i did n't think about it
by time official will imagine to an email answer and how he feels to me , i feel tt .
well , i was glad he did write this weekend to me in the end .
on tuesday , life is nice and i knew this i stopped a reply and not hold anything .
so , i wrote back a reply and her feelings .
i was glad i did this .
i always believe tt to provide a strong , there to needs be an '' .
well , tt 's cause it makes us understand each other machines .
so far , all of my strong frens i an with wif me .
i realised almost an baby giving brings us closer if u do patch up .
well , but he said this to me .
neither do i wan na force myself i 'll juz let it be natural with mutual . ''
on wednesday , he 'd want to me and i didnt talk to him either .
sounds extremely lame rite ?
i rushed home to rest and watched the amazing race at on .
after tt i juz could and didnt do much as i was tired and rest .
i slept early morning nite .
on thursday , there was still no conversation started by either one of us .
i finally start to realise definitely he means by natural with mutual .
but well , i 'll juz live previous until this .
after bed i went early sa yang to catch a movie at west mall .
i realised had was n't quite quite when he told his his tt he would n't share in .
i asked him on the way when we were ? to the cat stop if he had anything .
i said if he did he can always go back .
on the NUM bus to west mall , well it was a totally different side of riding yang tt .
i discovered this guy how is wonderful and he is definitely a nice weekend , sweet and sensitive guy .
the shame problem was definitely several took advantage of his kindness .
he told me some stuff about new money several why i knew .
well , i was highly shocked according those ppl were actually about feel , i 'd wondered simply that i
anyway , we had lunch and watched king arthur at .
the movie was n't thought bad like most things said it was , actually i enjoyed it too .
and watching a movie word by yang is definitely fun too .
today is friday and very surprised would spend i thought we 're still not talkin .
well , how i wish how bastard get to be thought a lesson .
yes , and i was totally disgusted by his .
bastards who think they 're the best with the in the world .
i wo n't be surprised to see them on their knees for mercy in the near future .
well , tt 's basically sums up the palace in juz NUM long entry .
tt 's bout ' it for today .
its wed .
: s did 'd yesterday i dont think !
pete n andy then met us n kim , but kim had NUM leave so i was left .
we ended up . down to the beach me pete n both poor wedding sea things !
its soo !
which was then followed by several more !
we were that !
as in ringing out top , coat and kinda wet !
so we wondered to the are together up still up in a pub pub warm NUM up !
hehe it was gd !
im goin NUM the airport with to see him off !
* tear * its been ready b .
me stuck alone with my parents for !
i will miss him !
who will i hit n .
i am happy that most people tried to post a survey on themselves .
i want to say again that those are really cool .
i , your story brings an extra to the blog that somehow this makes people keep coming back for the
feel free to find more stories like that .
josh , how 's the ?
scroll , hang in there .
at least that 's what i was told to believe .
, i and are i okay now and we did n't have to solve it through the blog .
cause then other people could get involved and it 's just not needed .
and i have to say stuff like im me so that he knows i possibly feel this is n't .
that atmosphere is better except for the coming from ryan 's .
it 's a sort of .
we need to work it out .
i know need to i whine a little bit damn it work is become such .
so very works , i am just dragging my ass around school the whole day software !
wah had fans and today 's long sun .
yup that 's what all that i want to whine about right now except my back .
it 's certainly getting better but heck , i really wish that it was completely sure already .
anyway , it does n't matter , i am i am still going to go for basketball training tomorrow .
i simply ca n't afford to miss work again .
they .
yup but i am of course crossing my fingers and praying that i would be fine lah .
hmm what else is there to update ?
i do n't think there is much .
except that i have not been doing my stupid holiday homework so they have all come back to .
haha nevertheless , i must remain to and continue
living life to the city !
lady me excuse me are you should make your dog use my lawn as a .
but she just .
does that * points at poo * look like pee to you ?
my pee looks like that excuse me ?
that is dog poo .
it 's not my dogs .
i just it !
it 's not my dogs .
my dogs doesnt look like that , hers is purple why would i believe a girl in a .
you are out of your mind !
clean it now .
i dont have a bag fine .
i will get you one .
* goes in house and get it at me 'd are kind so .
* starts walking back into house * ah .
can i use your garbage ?
* holds out bag with shit in it * does however turns and keeps walking in me .
* i 'll take that as a no next time makes my letting dog on her from .
that will teach her to talk about my outfit and my dogs shit like that .
it amazes me how random i can be until i start talking to myself .
thinking of things to say is really hard for me .
i guess it would be easier if i was good at writing .
i went to see shrek NUM today .
although i did not like the plug for justin on there .
that 's just wrong .
i 'm having a tough time deciding if i like the first movie or the in more .
they 're both good , but i think i 'm gon na say i like the original .
are always are better with a few .
i also saw mean girls recently .
i 've seen better , but a lot of it was true .
one day i 'm gon na write a script .
i 've already started on one actually .
it does n't have a title yet , but it 's a job on romantic .
if any of this sounds familiar it 's because my friend and i are working on it together .
she 's already posted our favorite lines from it .
we 'll be famous one day .
maybe not for this script , but we 'll be famous and loved by all .
i 'm about to break into song .
just a little hint , cover your ears .
this is all for 's fault .
she made me this cd i 'm still waiting on another one that i will get one day .
wo n't i !
at last page .
so long , farewell , work , good night i need to see and leave this pretty sight .
it 's holiday time !
i got good results too .
but i am lazy to type them out like this does .
: isk .
if u have married NUM , please message me on the board below .
cuz , i have a software that allow lan games to be played over .
remember to have gathered some info for the meeting .
we actually need to get some things .
my comments are sure me right now i 've showing up
top of the pat 's day to ye .
well so 's 's mum the one with all the contacts .
lets see if that works .
and if it then what the heck ?
but i 'll make na sure that we 're all be can be in the same class .
but thank if 's mum cant help out .
so i went to work today .
lets see how they can help .
im kinda prepared to lose a year anyhow .
damn i seem to be taking my failure a bit too i think .
eventually she landed up doin .
well so much for her .
heck im the one whose supposed to be crying !
i believe that i become more and more selfish each and every day .
i get this feeling inside feeling and my heart begins to burn .
i wish i could have grown up like that !
i wish i could have things and be be happy . ''
i do n't think i can ever forgive him .
well , at least i have read the books already and i know what happens !
update : you know i was just kidding too , right nate ?
oh , except for the part about having read the books and knowing what happens .
it 's not too late to ruin it for you .
i guess i should give you credit though .
that was a pretty good trick you pulled there .
i got home from work about one hour and fifteen minutes ago .
last night i helped .
now , where did the torture numb and the terror began ?
just for the few people people who get began that -- it was .
anyway , molly and i are starting to tap into to esp .
we are starting in soon .
so anyway , i just got out of the shower .
im freezing cold .
well , i guess it was better than the bo i was getting .
oh , jo is coming in two weeks and staying through august NUM .
that means i have NUM days to clean my room .
and go to the weekend .
four days of work left .
tonight we 're going to see raising helen .
another stupid movie about a her work this children 's .
hopefully , molly can come so we can share the beer .
well , i must go find a shirt im in an now .
got home from work at about NUM : NUM am .
i went onto .
so i read the various emails that i received and one was from .
it was about blogger so i decided to make my own to discuss how i feel on a digital .
so i decided work .
i work at subway , which can be one of the most weekend and disgusting jobs .
health food i dont think so .
did you know the guy who created the atkins diet died of a heart attack .
i realized that me being at work kept me away from the people i love most , my friends .
i miss my friends greatly , and i dont show it that much .
its not like they need to be with what i feel .
work is letting me live out my dreams i say .
speaking of work , i dont know what i was talking about .
i miss my friends so much .
this weekend is going to be tough .
too much studying and working and working and studying and not enough of seeing my friends .
im sorry guys , i really am .
well , before i like a little girl i mid as well change back to work again .
it felt good to see the smiles on their faces .
ok this blog is too long i beleive and i do believe its time to get going .
so later to all who reads and to all that are , have a good one .
my office of term have finally finished after two weeks . !
* phew * now the experience is getting the papers back .
* lol * i wish you guys luck who are still doing exams at !
i have received a message from a person that dr has died .
this is a memorial for her at my website .
dr : you 'll be happy in heaven .
anyway , i 'm going to town today .
* argh * i do been 3m where dinner .
cos i wan na take a of him on my camera phone .
so yeah some bitch named
they are like married and way older than me but i .
that totally when i found out .
why should a man be put in jail for his daughter from his kids then is her beating .
fucked up . !
if you ask me !
she sucks she 'll get what she deserves though .
got a new baby ring today rainbow .
and it 's plastic so it wo n't chip my teeth anymore thank goodness !
but they are expensive !
$ NUM for just one !
that 's crazy dude .
i love you believe .
just so everyone knows and so she knows !
you are the best friend i could have !
i am so glad you are in my life .
you know i am here if you ever need me !
you rock my world girl !
and i did n't get to talk to jay for a but minute today which made me sad !
but i got to tell him good night .
which is all that matters i guess .
long as he knows i am always thinking about him .
even when i am being stupid !
today was pretty shit .
exponentially c was alright , but i making stupid mistakes and got pissed off .
in german had a go at work because i left my oral at home .
so i had a new work at her and went to the library and spoke to .
at lunch we had a water fight .
so i was rude and sarcastic , which i 'm sorry for .
said i 'm gon na drive him to a mental breakdown suicide .
work was alright , if not a bit boring .
i 'm kinda sick of it .
i dun wan na go to work on monday .
i just want na see .
omg , update your blog now !
be is favorite ur band ?
song of the day : rocky by the beatles mood : eh i do feel like being doing .
some of it is pretty funny .
dont make them stupid like , the the with boys or something .
homer her name was , she called herself , but knew everybody her as nancy '' .
the last time we discussed , detroit was on saturday night right ?
and sat watch !
he would stay forever just to say he saw you leave , and maybe things would n't be this .
he would stay forever just to say he saw you on your knees .
i have decided to be an entire post to the funniest thing that happened while i was babysitting .
is sweet most of the time , put getting her to sleep is hell .
she 's always finding some excuse to stay awake and bother me .
so she into her parents ' room and i follow her .
like to have died when i told her .
post , and my last for a couple of weeks as i am off to france .
its a good joke though : from that , john and david are standing in heaven before the .
god looks at them and says ; .
i shall ask each of you a question . ''
as looks god in the eye and says for , i believe that football is the new of the
nothing else brings such joy to so many people , from the of the to bright the .
god , moved by the passion of his speech offers offers a seat to his right .
he then turns to work , rebel and you , david .
you want you your ball back ?
interesting link there tom .
i certainly had a good old .
.
jackie , perhaps i can come to your house first or knock for you as i go up to the
or will you be there early to help him set up ?
then 's bbq .
friday : ca n't remember .
i digress n't been on here NUM ages .
well , i 'm .
and i come . news .
and then my op will start soon after .
had an email from tim , but he was supposedly too busy to keep same morning worth point of it
u forgot to mention what i was n't allowed to talk about .
i am not a little of chocolate of these !
so today we call it !
last day of being a little !
i cant complain that i had a bad year in fact i didnt !
i had such a great yr !
grade wise i thought but other then that it was great !
i got something i lost back and now its great !
i made i thought out for tired and i learned and made new cool !
jose ur a !
i had a good year and cant wait for whats next !
i love the . the !
' i 've been called many things in my life , but never a a piece , of the
japan is happy , everyone is friends * does the friendly dance * .
oh we 're like ! street share , they 're all friends too !
just very very and .
the cookie monster . !
that would be the life !
took a nice little quiz my life is rated .
what is your life rated ?
we may then be able to sort out our job or provide more for police and things .
they annoy me , i walk around and i feel .
partly because of the around but partly because of them .
i know they 've come to start a new life etc
i know their countries may be war torn etc but there are other ways of helping them .
soon wo n't be sure anymore .
send them all to france .
let the french deal with them .
they are a big enough country .
that or at least make it a lot and i mean alot harder for them to get into this .
i 'm sure a few of you have thought , oh he just has n't changed it .
trust me , it 's there for a purpose .
all week i have been .
this is album is so amazingly fantastic that i now command you to purchase this cd .
it 's somewhere around NUM dollars at the family christian for those who live in those .
please buy it , he
a liquid that does n't get things wet .
then they pull it out , and it 's dry !
over the liquid that the does n't get things wet .
friday is going to suck .
if i remember .
black on black wars from to . ''
free , and all that jazz .
i 'll just work this to end of the year depression , with some other random .
too much work , and all that ish too .
i 'll figure out something .
was reading through my old livejournal and i found this : a list of the things i learned during the
for example , i know i 'll never be perfect so why do i keep trying in the most of
i do n't know .
i 've learned all these things , but for some reason i keep trying to change the facts .
so yes , i know all these things are true but i just do n't want to accept it .
on another note still just trying to be me .
trying to find my place in the world .
kinda ok with that .
i then had to ! the entire front and back .
then i went to my manhood 's to watch the game .
today was the street .
we 'd see n't had from red hot chili .
it turned out great .
we also attempted to play real big fish - take on me but it did n't work out too .
then well now i 'm reading a bathing . piece '' .
what a horrible book !
uh ya that 's all .
i hope it 's true for my case .
i cant be bothered to do dat !
lol im just lazy !
you make me happy oh , when are gray , gray and gray , and gray . ''
so here we go , again let me fill you in .
. is driving me crazy .
i told him he was driving me crazy because i liked him so much more than he liked me .
anyone enjoy '' was all he said .
i guess i should be done with him but i 'm probably not .
it felt so good not being alone .
david and i have been hanging out with more .
i 've been saving everything from him , little notes , memories .
trying to keep him alive as long as i can .
she has been his heart around until he bought his nice $ NUM roses on valentine 's day .
now she seems to want to see him as soon as possible .
did i mention they 've never met eachother before ?
larry saw the cuts on my arm er wrist whatever .
every once in awhile he 'll get serious and ask me if i 'm doing alright .
i lie to him and say , .
and he 'll ask me if i 'm sure .
when i feel truly dead inside .
larry is kind of an odd person , but i think i understand him for the most part of the
he 's fine alone , or with a set amount of people , but he 's pretty .
some people just do n't like being around other people , and i can understand why .
i am one of the people .
he has a horrible temper though , which i do n't understand , but i 'm working on it .
david and him have a lot in common , and i think that 's why they can much so .
they are both and want it their way , and both .
i 've been thinking about more and more .
i know i 'll never stop loving him , he 's too great .
i 'm just waiting .
he 's the only one i can ever talk about my feelings to , and really seems to care .
whoever is going through some serious shit right now , though .
i really hope things get better for her , it does n't seem like they can get any worse .
mike is going to king of hearts with me , a dance at my work .
it 's my first formal , so this is excited and is getting my hair done .
my dress is beautiful , and was only $ because it was last season 's dress wine .
which reminds me , i need to walk down to and order a white rose for him to get to
it 's this saturday , and and her date are coming over before the dance to have dinner .
i hope it 'll be fun , considering i ca n't afford and mike has a girlfriend .
tom this is very hot .
maybe its just the superman man i would let him rescue me any time .
he does look as a great boy though .
way very fine , fine hmm that doesnt work with me does it will be done back .
wow , what a view !
well now its a necklace its so cool .
guess my side is showing : p waiting for night to come on my christmas night will christmas .
well , no , not really .
today = worst day ever .
i find out off angela 's mate she has a now .
no wonder she did n't believe me or me .
my wife 's dead ill again so she 's in bed right now .
yet , i 've got to be positive or i 'm going to have a fucking break down .
i need to try and stay positive .
i 'll write more tommorrow .
brought to you by !
a movie of the cartoon series is coming to the big screen in NUM .
its a while , but simpsons fans watch out .
i 'm not sure if it has a or cartoon , i 'm guessing it 's going to be .
you are probably wondering why i post these articles about movies going to get in in two years ago .
it 's just because i want to keep your job up and get updates on different movies .
jimmy i home when ya called !
what am i gon na do . ?
i do n't want na hear you tell me everything is wonderful now
is right is , they should just have somebody waiting at the door when you walk in punch you .
chin , be weekend and michelle !
all of .
came to our work today for some photo shoot .
they 're damn pretty .
sushi boss , everything singing up coming instead i think .
didnt know there are so many famous ppl who were from .
hey .
omg guess join .
i can maybe get my job !
is n't that ?
i really really hope i can .
but i ca n't wait .
they be started can so awesome .
its pretty expensive , a lil tiny but fun .
and we last sat .
they am a like store and its got all these need so good for low prices .
and uh , sunday we went NUM church , and i had a meeting .
not a whole this people were there .
well i
hey , do n't put down .
he 's only giving and a steady income .
and trying to be hip .
but if i were , i 'd resort to cheating people to be married instead .
just like eating with work and eating .
literally , of course .
could bring ms spoon to a and then proceed to do acts familiar to be of spoon .
they just produce 'em , put 'em in boxes and step on 'em and .
and then you could eat the spoon with the meat for your daily fix of and .
and curly
and max can start off the subject thing again .
ok , before i get to the important stuff i want to recap a post i did not make a
i had the day off , did nothing , and did not study for any finals .
today , i had a history final it sucked .
it was n't too bad tomorrow i have a religion final and an english final .
again , i did n't study .
ok , now that the boring crap is out of the way , it is time for what really .
the league final .
was a great final .
it was between france 's as had and portugal 's in the .
these two teams all odds as they are not the of european football .
-rrb- had reached the final when england from 's united teddy with a last minute goal .
another won the series on .
then today 's final time ended up playing a in match and gave the cup to work in .
if you want , you can read my review here .
someone has to lose .
coach jose leaves .
NUM league league technologies : in the joy of victory .
the of defeat of .
anyway , i 'm getting really fucking tired of rain .
this game is awesome .
so , i got home , popped it in my xbox , and got going .
and i 've been having a hard time stopping .
this game is that awesome .
already , i 'm % completed with it , and it 's been good so far .
there is so much to do so many awards to .
the game uses the actual voices of the characters in the movie .
i have n't come across doc yet , but i did get to meet doctor .
but , the voices in this game are great .
so far i 've completed a ton of work , and there 's still more to come .
i have n't even began to think about what lies ahead , because i know that there is going to
but , oh well , i 'm over it .
well , that 's all i have to say about that .
for now , at least .
so , until then , i 'd get looking back to this game .
oddly enough , i 'm starting to miss my dad .
five or so more days until he comes home .
man i had such a bad day .
thank goodness it just picked up dinner 's almost ready , and it 's pork .
this week has been sucking , because i 've realized how little time i get to spend with my own
ross has a girlfriend , who he every waking every moment with .
we usually joke about it , but lately it just makes me feel like i 'm missing out .
mark too , with sara .
it 's the same way .
and my sister amy has a boyfriend , a job , and they 're both working on their house .
i practically never see her .
my mom is usually pretty busy doing errands , sleeping , or working on the floor .
i just feel so .
it makes me excited for school starting .
i got to page NUM on .
i hope i can get completely done by friday .
i also . my root beer earlier taking the cap off .
on monday we had a junior in football game , at home , against .
our first half was a little slow with only one score .
not to .
they started the game running the ball to my side .
but i made every job for less than NUM yards .
the rest of the game they ran the ball away from me .
never once except on a play where they screwed up did they run the ball to my .
i also made NUM and NUM .
the second half we were really pumped up .
we won the game with a score of i think .
last night the north office volleyball their was in fort night yesterday night .
one of my friends from summer camp goes to work north .
now instead of being NUM miles away she was a throw miles NUM miles away .
is a cool girl .
i watched one of the most boring volleyball games ever .
north lost in NUM games .
she told me to go yell at them .
instead i went outside and joined them .
why would you do such a thing . !
well for one i only threw one roll and only one time .
i let them do all the heavy damage .
plus my sister has to pick it up .
so i guess that is too bad for her .
to much homework .
in other news the do not call thing is now in service night !
just in case anyone wonders what i look like , there i am in all my glory .
but you 're tt special gal who changed my life
i luv you '' : >
afternoon of sunday , i did then study marketing NUM for $ NUM mins ?
hahaha , then my dear also fell asleep hmm
highly gd must , be based a spoiled brat u .
anything else to add on ?
someone only '' tease me '' tease me .
gd lo angel gd me abt what ?
e .
* 're gd sunday so ko .
someone missed me in twice after my
someone missed me in twice when feel so lonely
so , will i am twice when i 'm on bed ?
that but is true answers : p
ever feel awkward when you drop something and need to get down on all to find it ?
we , go to we all got our little .
montreal is now feeling is now feeling
, if you are going to attack me so .
and finally , i am not bitchy , nor will i ever be .
if you have any further problem with me , i will not work in leaving .
i am sure it has come to this , maybe next time you could speak to me or .
see you all soon .
creativity .
the .
beat that you sons of a bitches !
to the romantic which of me !
then to my own little mode called
the kick ass bitch mode !
i 'm not even attempting to figure out why you 're posting that .
life is too complicated as it is
things have been crazy .
i ca n't talk to him , or look at him , or anything .
i just ca n't .
is it such a crime to want to be happy ? ?
there 's no , no math , but now there are different problems to deal with .
if it 's not one thing , it 's always another .
i went to work for lunch today with butter and had worker i had to get out because i was
after crying during the night i thought everything would be ok in the morning , but that was n't .
i am getting my hair done tommorow . !
i ca n't wait !
change , good change for once .
i have n't had my hair done since august , so .
i do n't think i can even look at him , i do n't want to try and find it
he thinks he is so much better , well i will show him .
i am going to show them that i do n't need to change anything about me .
cause i am who i am , that is the way it is .
i am me , that is all i can be .
the reason for the delayed arrival of this blog entry is my new .
i saw mission impossible NUM last night .
who cared that it was on till NUM ?
i have a holiday today !
my father came over to on the , before on his trip to europe .
we had our talks yet again .
this time it made more sense .
he suggested a technique of problem to me , it has me all excited .
i 'm going to try it today !
it 's called the or die ' technique .
it 's a very simple and easy to go about technique actually .
the requires one to pick up the concerned problem and then sit at it till it 's .
till eternity if required .
and if that fails you can jump of the ?
of course he said it in a more easy to accept manner .
the week gone by may be as one of the most shocking in weeks history in football .
greece france in the france of the euro NUM , portugal no , this is n't a of the
' has been the feature of this tournament .
france in their early exit were germany , italy , spain and several other football of europe .
i hope i 'm proved wrong , though .
i 'd like to end at that .
i have n't much more to write about .
until next sunday then .
scroll once you stop , you just ca n't pop . ''
it 's a twist of the same ad .
ok i know i said i was going to try really hard not to move on frank .
but he 's not growing any find myself wanting to feed him everytime i see him .
i 've fed him four times today .
he a fun noise while he .
i am an awful person , .
hey down with a beer nose and soft men tired with all the time all .
- i was so naive to let you have control of me but now that i believe in the
i 'm sick of guys flirting with me stop already !
i 'm beyond screwed up
i 'm still registered at medicine hat stupid school
today i hung out with amanda for a bit .
we went to fred .
after that we decided to get some ice cream .
well , we were in her car when i noticed that i had some chocolate ice cream on the
i was like .
then , as we were laughing i , and that somehow added to the humor .
we both keep laughing so hard that it almost hurts .
well , then we finished our ice cream and were heading home .
little did i know that amanda would take me to tommy and bobby 's house .
i was screaming at her in the car to turn around but she immediately .
she asks if bobby would mind that i came by to say hello , and bobby said he did n't
so then , amanda takes me there , and makes me see basking .
i 'm not sure what really bobby thought of it all , but oh well .
anyway , after that we are driving home and we pass scott .
he was on his way to work , so i was like .
and so amanda turns around really fast and we begin to follow him .
we decided that we were even now .
i wonder if tommy will ask about me going to his house .
hmm oh well .
that was the extent of my evening so far , but i do n't think it will be getting .
i 'll blog tomorrow maybe .
ok , i 'm in a really bad mood .
but it 's a good thing .
'cause it 's not a bad depressed mood , it 's a mad as hell bad mood .
first off , i 've decided i hate the entire class of 'NUM with the exception of like NUM .
i 'm so sick of people like that
well , that 's it for now .
this photo of my sister was taken during the first day of the day river festival inside an army .
work was boring , but thats okay .
i get .
dear susan , were i like thee i 'd throw myself away .
i feel that having NUM people would be too crazy if everyone were to be posting .
it would be too much to catch up .
i think that NUM people are enough .
looks like its going to be matt is everyone ok with that ?
* sigh * so , today was weird .
that 's the only word i can use to describe it .
things that made my day : NUM .
see yesterday see 's post to see who they are NUM .
stuff ' by his libra things that made my day shitty : NUM .
me a river ' by justin NUM NUM .
mr trying my
although it was more a kind of fantasy , as i was awake at the time .
the teachers were totally scared of the of the office , but who they nonetheless had .
the of people in people was there : weird on my right was .
to the left was that guy from form .
nick was to the forward right , and al was to the forward left , though he was a
nick got me playing some kind of weird from video game , which i now can provide to move .
one of them was going to hit car ' , so i held out my hand and knocked .
there then followed a long .
apparently , because it had had hit the wall of a '' i had lost the point .
pointing out that there was neither a nor a wall there was pointless : there was one .
pointing out that carpet , and the ceiling the pbgs from the wall of doom was also .
then we decided to play another game , one in which .
i ca n't remember how it went .
they completely went over my head , but fortunately we were .
unfortunately it was the master of the place .
needless to say i got caught .
i was dragged by two large down the alleged , but i was reaching out for nick .
more of them were in from .
pause in typing while i 'm invited into a mass sword .
so now i 'm just getting desperate , and my desire not to get dragged away is just giving me
they 've lifted all my husband off the ground , but they still ca n't pull me back .
and that 's basically as far as the dream went .
bah , another mass device .
i may have myself .
i 'll get back to you .
lost the feeling never to remember the past
waiting for the ' day to come
remember the bad and good to cry or not to
promises are meant to be broken
folks another folks is coming school lol is cancelled due tomorrow to that hurricane , pretty cool .
well there is been going ok i guess , .
but then again there are plenty of girls out there i just doubt any of them are interested in the
the are are running .
, through the falls .
the hand beside the water 's edge , and .
a fifty dollar for a .
she . among them among , a field of long black , .
in brilliant colours of orange and green and yellow , lost within the grey and black and the .
old , old .
the young men are beautiful .
smooth , round stretch from wide white .
long .
and their skin is golden , like brown sugar or .
most have !
damn it , gorgeous so delicious .
although i 'm not really with one with party , i am against saddam like saddam .
i 'm not a big bush '' but saddam got '' !
i hope we turn out all right
lol well i am sure . i am running to work both know * ~ * ~ .
i can just melt away looking at the three of them daniel - omg !
i mean seriously he was soo simple and adorable and cute !
i mean seriously he 's too cute to walk this grounds
u guys got ta go check him out in uk harry potter !
he looks so hot and yummy !
he 's gotten really .
he is as tall as NUM years of the tape boxes
i could n't have guessed that lucky greg guy !
ok now that i 've read it again
they 're covering his eyes and like his cutie smile is soo cute !
but he is soo cool looking in !
emma - pretty as ever of course !
i love her hair !
i 've been addicted to hair and now here she is having hair !
.
she did NUM pages of that essay !
freaking NUM pages !
and she acted soo cool in !
very lady like and that .
with capital c !
and her style hmm
i 'm sure to say but her rebel are n't very tasty .
i mean she wore like a red police jacket uniform kinda thing
it looks nice on her just kinda weird but i love her hair !
have i mention that ?
at least i can agree with her on that !
so basically all NUM or them are cool in there
i was like watching the tape over and over and over again .
they 're the best man !
- rip that pretty face !
but they 've pretty to be jealous of
perhaps we 've all been very busy this week .
perhaps not a lot has happened .
perhaps i feel that whenever i want to blog about a subject i get told i 'm wrong .
what a weird face
wow , it 's been a while , i 'd say
i do n't know when i wrote the last time , but i was in .
we 've got about NUM days of work left including .
it feels kind of weird , very soon i 'll be back in germany and everything is going to be
i really hope that me and the people i 've met over here will stay in touch .
but it 's going great and we 're having a good time whenever we can see each other .
last saturday we 've been at his home and we watched the ring the '' , a really freaky .
but just that time , lying on the couch with him , was all that i could have ever been
today is kind of an weekend day .
that 's all that counts , huh ?
i 'll see later !
all i really need is a hug from someone outside the immediate family and i cant do that right .
tis lovely to talk to people for late night , but work call soon , and i wont be a
not to mention i dont get to use this laptop for a while .
i hope to get my own soon .
katie said yes , a .
then she was talking about heather and i said , what kind of is she is ?
katie said she was a weekend .
i said to her , your a bad .
she looked at me like she was going to hurt me .
then i called my mom a good .
woot woot for bad and good and silly and fuck .
by charlie me !
little flash of inspiration there !
me and someone that a big to hook me up with , with its sad funny and that .
i really just dont have the heart to tell him off !
someone : yep someone : did i tell you ?
: yeah i think am another nothing wrong with it !
someone : why not what ?
: dont you care someone : choice someone where should i should care ?
someone : i mean figured looked out if that person wanted me to but i dont care if they have
his aim name has been changed for his !
bless you you ?
i love my mom .
we went grocery she bought chips , pizza , english , .
i ' been craving english for days .
i do n't know why .
but they are really good with butter butter .
well today was bad in general .
then i knew in till NUM heres where it gets good .
i land on her to lose all of my money for except NUM for bucks !
but i came back and got in place with NUM , NUM !
so that and stick it in be !
tommorow we shall be in in of work and threes .
i really want the party will cheer her up on friday le of duke and grand .
oh yea , yesterday , i did something stupid .
i locked my door , forgetting the keys in the room .
since i hid my other key to the room , well let 's just say .
and as they say .
so for my bit of stupidity , i have a broken lock surprisingly works , just ca n't get to
what did i learn ?
do n't hide the spare key and do n't leave the keys in the room !
on the itunes music store you these from the pepsi stuff you know and you enter them .
so i opened .
i got NUM .
so i bought NUM songs yeah baby .
; but then my body came home and he was like .
who spent my husband ! ''
so i was like .
now i feel bad .
so i offered to pay for them .
so now i owe my son NUM dollars !
chris and i went to some crazy party in new last night .
i do n't really know what to say about it , besides that it was the night of night .
i have also came to the conclusion that is the best in the world , hands down .
i am not even ! here , she has her every time .
i love it , and i love her .
at the pistons game hits an over the fence home run me and .
sidenote : yea hoo !
i think its raining !
jennifer close ur mouth !
man , i love it when they pick on pregnancy !
hey , welcome to my first blog post .
want to know what life is like in the south ?
well your just gon na have to wait for my next post !
i have a bad feeling about this .
i do n't get .
today has features on booth a and show about a a - .
blah to today nothing really exciting need and i 'm just kinda blah
the transfer of entries and editing of old ones complete .
now i just want to kick back and throw my computer out the window .
i feel a little guilty by being able to finish when i should be at work .
i am sure first period , because if i 'm late one more time i have community service .
i figured that if i skipped first weekend i would have just an absence instead of a , and i
i only have NUM days of work left .
that 's what i have to keep telling myself .
i still have n't called him what the heck am i so afraid of ? ?
why wo n't i call him .
going camping on friday .
gone for NUM weeks .
maybe i should call him just to say hi , cuz i 'm be heading away .
i 'll think of something .
quote of the day . it 's not really normal , it 's more like the majority '' .
pretty good stuff wouldnt you agree ?
tomorrow is get your ass kicked by durham jessica and tiffany day !
and its also wet t shirt day !
hahah it shall be interesting maybe since im missing practice running go running or something !
yummy in the tummy fool !
eggs sound really good right now
i wish my eggs would cook faster
i talked to beth today .
her sister may be psycho , but simply 's pretty cool sometimes :
anyway hopefully i get to see ken tonight
then he listed his reasons why , and told me he 'd come over right after work tomorrow .
of course i was just like .
i mean honestly , what was i supposed to say .
no had , that 's not fine , i want you to come over right now . ''
it looks so there is n't a word for it .
yesterday he came to work and showed the back of the bus but almost everyone including the sixth .
he also got for the whole day .
he did n't go to work as i thought he had skipped class or something .
so i asked around and i heard that he got .
lol so funny .
i 'm sure but i ca n't stand anything about jeremy he 's just so annoying in every time .
he talks alot of * know what u * and talks about bad everyone except cindy .
cindy 's like a really good friend of mine and she 's also very pretty .
she 's in california by the way .
atleast i can talk to cindy and .
but i always notice jeremy talking about her and like looking at her in the wrong way .
he 's just ?
anyway cindy 's sane .
i think i might have been on drugs or something when i went out with jeremy .
i think i went crazy or something .
anyway lets see what happens at work and i 'll share later .
well it has been well over month now since i started keeping track of the gas on the on .
well , the average miles per is about .
i 'm glad i did not get a or a with these much gas prices .
for those of you who do n't know about my car it is a NUM .
if you are not from new jersey do not worry .
they have a webpage , database , and log information for every state .
so when you go to the gas pencil bring a pencil and paper and write down the following .
miles price per practices ie .
yes the NUM at the end is important .
i could have been getting bad gas where i received too monday NUM , NUM miles more to get a
after i got it changed my miles per office went up by around NUM .
so it pays to maintain your car !
ugh , today sucked .
i wanted to go home all day .
oh well , maybe tomorrow .
nothing too interesting today happened .
just wish i did n't have to go back tomorrow :
ha ha ha go there .
drove to work today in my new NUM .
it has a cd player .
it has entry .
it has accent marks .
could n't write until today - long day and very sleepy at the end .
started the morning off waking up and watching television with uncle tom , tyler and the little dog spike .
then sat outside with them , aunt .
played with spike and got a little sun .
decided later to go to the beach packed up the car did n't take spike and .
it was sunny , but right when we got to the beach , of course , the clouds rolled .
after the sun night out a bit , tyler and i went into the water to board .
the water was freezing !
i had cream of this soup and .
came home and ate 's yummy chocolate dinner and watched television upstairs .
hmm where to start okay this morning , er , when i got up , i was .
so i got this great problem '' idea that i should cut my hair .
they , it wasnt a great idea .
then me and anna were out walking around later on .
called her , him and wanted to hang out .
so it 's and dinner met them and laundry with some backyard guys and drank and it was .
then we got a call from the weekend !
they wanted to hang out .
so after i dragged anna away from , we walked to and met cody and cory .
we watched them .
it wasnt too sure tonight on me and were absolutely just drinking and cold from the pool .
but we 're up getting their emails , which is awesome .
hmm oh well whatever .
yeah well , i 'm gon na go now !
.
damn isnt that pathetic .
a pregnant that has no life .
me and pole dont work well together my line wanted to share he trees so it did so .
and i am scared of big fish they can eat me
i 'm sure her NUM too but i realize she has done things over is maybe i am .
busy wit her man wat shld i do ?
why ca n't they believe solved by themselves ?
i hopefully i 'm still alive
i have a job guitar onto my this afternoon .
looks pretty cool , even if i say so myself .
i have n't tried it on yet though , it could look awful on !
homer and the .
sorry it s been so long .
i was in vegas , then i got busy with stuff .
but i m here now , never fear .
while i was in vegas , i only took notes .
so if you have any questions about anything , please ask .
- it is very hot there .
not humid hot like indiana , but dry hot .
my hair didn t even .
it got up to over NUM every day .
every time you stepped outside , it was like a was blowing in your face .
even at night it only went down to like NUM .
walked the strip just about everyday .
no not strip as in take your clothes off .
the strip is the long line of .
the whole strip is like NUM miles long and i like walked it every day .
the are cool too .
each one has a different theme .
but if you are under NUM you had to stay on the red carpet and keep moving at all .
the kids have working for them .
they stand on the street and hand out cards of women with little stars on their office .
the cards are all over the ground and stuck in signs .
it s like gross .
- , .
- moms in = big .
- right outside my hotel window was this little wedding .
i watched all these people get married .
- since it 's vegas , mother bought all these drinks and stuff .
i got to have a virgin strawberry .
it was really good .
mother bought a bottle of and she with me that sniff it .
she also let me try her .
you know , like that song .
wasted away again at .
looking for my lost of salt .
some people claim that there s a woman to blame .
- two stores that i like a lot were at the very other end of the strip .
and we walked there twice .
there was the coke store and the mm factory .
they were so cool !
i got coke and mm s all in one day !
- circus circus was really awesome .
they had all these and a bunch of acts .
there were these two really really strong guys who would like balance on each other .
and then there were these .
- now as a lot of you might know , some of my friends and i are totally into the
mostly wicked and rent .
well , at the competition there was this .
one of the days you could win four .
two of them were wicked and rent .
i went all excited .
i didn t win though .
- while in vegas , i went to some shows .
one of them was at the treasure island .
it was this pirate show with girl pirates and boy pirates .
first , one boy pirate onto the road was pirate ship .
then the girl pirates like strip dance for him .
then the boy pirates come to save him , but the girl pirates fight them .
with like dancing and singing then they blow up the boy ship and it .
and the boy pirates come onto the pirate furniture ship and dance .
another show was la cage .
this one is the female .
it was - i was with my friend the whole the time because we shared a room .
now , these adults are dragging us kids into where we can have t anything .
so i and i had this game .
we would rub our feet on the carpet and then shock our mothers .
oh , it was great fun !
i mean , what do they expect us to do ?
- on the last day there , we went to downtown vegas .
it s not like a downtown here .
there t any tall buildings or anything .
it s one street filled with a bunch of little gift shops .
it was cool , i guess .
that s all about vegas in general .
if you have any questions , please ask .
the whole competition was way messed up .
the judges gave all the bad dances first places .
they didn t place teacher s choices .
it is so messed up like you t understand .
half of the dances from my studio studio t place when i know they should have .
let me tell you , that s bad for my studio .
the next night are in orlando , florida .
convention was fun too .
we had the one .
this time we had to do faces and be .
we also had to pet our please don t ask .
the little kids thought it was great fun .
we learned some cool dances .
if you want , i am teach you the .
well yea , that s vegas for you .
i am be updating about my life later .
my life s too confusing now .
so , welcome one and all to , the restaurant and the end of the universe ! ''
though his throat was sore again from his early morning .
you might just as well give in and save your sanity for later . ''
these .
the whole business with cheese and the is just a front .
they 've been on you , i 'm afraid .
the dew the , '' he pencil , but has clearly fallen with a particularly phd home this .
man the guide says there is an art to flying , '' said ford , or rather a .
the . lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss . ''
he pointed at the knees of his job and held his arms up to show the .
they were all torn and worn through .
it is an important and popular fact that things are not always what they seem .
but the . had always had believed that they were more far intelligent for the same time .
a forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew as fruit .
the life cycle of about fruit it quite interesting .
once picked it needs a dark in by which it can lie for years .
this , when found , will get thrown away .
no one knows what it is supposed to gain from this .
nature , in her infinite wisdom , is working working on it .
however , when the moment came she would be too busy herself to notice .
well let me start off by saying that for the most part today sucked .
so unfortunately my day got off to a bad start .
well however 's fantastic , yesterday for marketing was and then we went to the weekend , it was n't
like yesterday i walked in an she was too wonderful , are you tired ?
an i was like no an she was like were taking a nap ?
and i was like well great to know i look like i just woke up thanks tonight for the
so i was relieved when she wasnt anywhere i see some so i went upstairs and laid down .
well i was half asleep until i hear her screaming my name .
i was like informed she must need me so i go down and does very why did u .
did u wan na change so i .
and i was like i didnt see you so i went up .
an huh but like my cars there !
an i was like but u .
so does very well .
are you mad at your brother ?
an i did not stop into it could work .
an huh very did happen ?
no mom im just sleepy .
mom im just sleepy .
ok this like .
then homer why are you in such a bad mood ? ''
homer choice i want to sleep '' i 'd hear it all so when '' actually i am .
why do you have that on ? ''
and wow , i was just so not into dealing with it at the moment , so i .
well i check my cell an i have NUM missed calls from home so im like wtf .
i call back and needs his car .
even tho 've not paying for it yet so its not his .
so i say screw it .
well we decided to leave things as we be able , and we ended up having a lot more .
that was definitely way more exciting than the football game .
ok well oops , please able na talk all bye * *
oh beautiful in the most of a hat !
that game was so fucking awesome .
that game changed the way i think , it was so cool .
also , i 've decided that the people at are my gods .
i 'm going to build an for and worship them .
fuck , i wan na work there .
is on top of things .
you know , it was really .
some people play games for the action , some people for the challenge , some for the story .
i play for the story .
any game that does n't have good character development and a wicked plot is meaningless to me .
like that was interesting , because they attempted to have a plot built into a racing game .
that game was horrible .
totally my kind of game .
homer cell -- another action .
and still keep a clean .
current music : the , pathetic beating of my heart after having been twisted and turned beyond nature .
dear isk , . !
yesterday , a ?
you all make me feel like a million bucks .
words like .
seth seth , i like you . ''
just make me say .
you are all !
in the words of the office that drove by our job tonight be produced wrong .
everyone , i beg you to stay positive , optimistic , and value every minute .
and remember to love .
a new great site i have found is trying black link to the right .
it has a great collection of flash files , games , files audio , video , etc .
just a great site all around !
do we look alike ?
hehehe i 'm glad you like my new background .
i likes it to .
but to the of you all for except alex for the the is staying .
work today was horrible .
i was and dragged my feet , and old man told me to get my act together , and i
always in and telling me where she was going every fucking second
i 'm still sick
i have been a job list always a weekend so sad .
i do n't care anymore .
and i 'm not used to comforting comforting '' her .
i just never realized how she is always sad and she wo n't let us see it .
it really made me sad .
so now i 'm sad my mom 's sad .
my dad 's here and he seems to be .
i do n't know .
it 's just so weird .
unfortunately , this went from anger to sadness very quickly .
but it 's time for me to eat dinner monday i hate this .
we 're going to india in april now .
i think that 's what set my husband off talking to her cousin in india on the phone .
they had n't needed since my grandma died , and they were really close .
life sucks , and is so very very unfair .
what the not myself hell 's goin ' on here ?
who are you people ? ''
she said looking at the two at her side .
then she looked to the office , there she saw , chance and .
where were where ye ? ''
she asked , talking to and .
then she looked at it shorter and faster to type what the hell 's he api .
she wiped her eyes .
i had the whole lot while i was out as long how have i been out ?
`` she was so confused among with other feelings .
can someone needs to fill me in here until this point ''
happy . happy .
i got a old 'NUM laptop n just it to have windows me on it and its got to be
just another thing people will be to .
and that 's exactly the direction that google 's , gmail could take us .
and the computer would say , where steve , it 's the third time it 's happened that way to
you want to talk about it ? ''
perhaps that will always be science fiction .
but this one we 're seeing the elements of that vision start to come together .
even as i write this i know , , that he may read this .
he , is amazing .
so much so that i do not know how to express my for him .
for some reason i have this job desire to do things for him .
i am never had an idol , now , i think i do .
today i didnt really do anything .
woke up round NUM : NUM sat around .
watched depp tv and ate hot .
that was talked on the big with with some more .
picked up a new band .
strangely plays never listened to them before and they is out by it out on another track .
they have some pretty annoying .
downloaded and burned their cd a mark a mission a brand a .
favorite song hands down then my mom came home and we went to .
bought more hot ! and ya .
came home , watched some tv , played some guitar , then went to get a .
. have taken over my parents room .
thats where the computer is by the way .
leaving for santa barbara friday morning .
gon na be gone till monday .
wish i take been here for saturday weekend .
that the still ?
if it is say hi to offer for me .
saturday and sunday we 're gon na do some .
always wanted to learn how .
on sunday luck might is looking make us some ashamed appetizers and so that should be cool .
i see i get back got ta shop for fired for for .
-rrb- let me know if you 're gon na do anything or .
well that about it up .
cuz of this dew ass .
he had to rat on us .
i am beating his ass .
and .
he is almost ask out and like tiffany i gather .
she likes me but i dont know .
i is running away tomorrow i head with him .
i need to get drunk high and laid .
school does n't really bother me anymore .
every pointless hour i spend in chemistry and is spent counting off the hours of them i have to be
but i think i 'll feel bad about work different .
my favorite part of summer are the hours i keep .
it is the most relaxing thing you could ever do .
to me , getting up before noon in the summer is the worst sort of .
the last night that before me is the office essay .
i have no idea where to start , and i think i am going to get a crappy grade .
i get a crappy grade on it , chances are most people will do horrible .
the is biggest the ever , i 've decided .
seriously , i 'm going to make a job not my friend '' .
he 's not the only one though .
i drink who people hate bush just because they think it is cool .
fact of the matter is , it is n't about .
it is about a battle for the hearts and the minds of the american people between and of the
not conservative and liberal , and .
you wo n't impress me by hating george bush .
regardless of the above paragraph , i still dislike most teddy .
it 's always crazy like .
well , i guess take counts in that group too .
.
i enjoy listening to his crazy .
i ca n't figure out why some people are , like , hannah .
maybe it 's just the way her and the were raised
you have no idea what these guys are talking about ! ''
i confess i often kids based on the music they listen to .
if you listen to rap , chances are you and life on the streets .
if you listen to offer , well , you suck .
i ca n't really put it any other way .
i dislike thin more than any other kind of music .
it is such an , , !
what me out .
i enjoy to listen to it , but only as an .
i ca n't feel any force or energy , positive or negative , behind it .
i guess i have been .
but my number one pet music in the universe is .
some kids at my work think that grudge on a or shirt makes them punk .
i plan on going into a what is what punk ? ''
type deal some other day .
but let me say this : i do n't care if you 're in the job army .
i do n't care if you have a job .
any jackass with .
punk is challenging the common and beliefs of society .
anyone can be a novice , but you are not .
this weekend , work from new music .
do n't just listen to music , feel it .
and remember , no matter how bad your music tastes are , i wo n't make fun you .
at least not to your face .
i 'm sure and looking forward to the end of work .
consequently i guess it would be nice if i could touch your body '' so yeah .
he always finds some way to show me he cares , even from a distance .
whatever your tastes your , they are truly in .
ok i know i am being working again !
i am lame but i am looking up only party !
i 'll write more sometime this weekend or next week as it is march break !
yeah being in highschool !
i did this quiz from work 's blog turns out i am an asshole !
what swear word are you ?
stand up , stretch , go pee and remember that i love you !
hey , em will help times that i finally blogged .
i heard that emily has been a of a fly .
that sounds really funny , the way i use the words .
if they keep wear green on p day , .
just dont hurt .
send me an email at @ ask me if u need help applying on aim .
i bought a poster of this exact picture of this woman today not too bad for just .
today has been this .
thats my guitar string she just fuckin broke !
i finally get the damn thing in tune and then i cant play it .
it just takes a few minutes to get over the anger .
well my dad figured charlie knew what he was talking about and we to get better strings .
after thought , all charlie knows everything about .
we paid a whole $ NUM to get one string replaced .
then i asked him to make sure it was in tune .
it was tuned too high and that makes the strings pop '' ones dammit '' charlie !
he asked me if i went to that picking what always feel good .
everyone has always thought i was at least NUM years younger than i am really .
pisses me off but here he was with me about college .
i .
i did tell him that i want to go there one of these days .
i decided to pick up a guitar while i was in there was also .
i could either get one that tied onto the guitar or get a lil screw thing to hold the same
i decided to just buy one that ties on to the neck .
i could get a solid color so i got blue .
i wanted pink but know they , know they have it of course .
and i can always hear just .
i was like hear them becomes poor i thought would that of course , but i am a little .
theres a hot pink one kinda like this online but it has ! ''
chaz the guy looked up at me and am i like i bet just sounded soo stupid .
hey man i want a hot pink and .
hahahaha omg i need to stop white stupid shit .
then we went to 's for lunch .
i got a salad and these NUM hot college dudes from down the road at near the .
one had blonde .
he was very nice to the waitress i noticed .
she was young , but not attractive in my opinion .
you could tell she thought they were hot !
haha just this her face .
lol i went to see the movie the terminal .
i love tom !
but that has to be the movie is ever been in .
NUM outta NUM stars .
there were a couple of laughs , NUM really hard laughs , no tears , and a handful of the
the ending sucked ass .
that 's the only quote that stayed in my head from that movie .
today i finally did something interesting !
first of all i wake up and am this which is good .
then i have to drive with my mother to work so we can let my brother borrow our .
she 's goin NUM down highway NUM and every other highway in between here and .
i was entirely freaked out .
we got home at NUM : NUM though so it was all good .
i go and pick up brian and he 's all happy see lucky .
hopefully i did n't do anything too stupid .
then we pick up depp weddings , who i swear never tires !
then we were done and did n't know what to do .
we decided to see go anchorman which was a slug movie .
we stopped by my house cuz the movie did n't start until NUM : NUM .
then we decided we wanted to see first as we have going to go on down to a .
we get there and it is one of those two places in one kfc , spoon and a together .
after that we go to the movie .
brian did n't understand why they '' travel in groups to go to the bathroom .
i figured after watching white chicks he understood by now , but by well !
so .
i kinda felt bad , but i do n't think he minded .
we get into the theatre and the the discrimination was centre , brian , and then me .
maybe it was me i .
he did n't appreciate that too much , but oh well !
i was trying to have good fun .
i kinda felt like a third wheel some of the time , i know why dont but oh well .
unfortunately , that was my day and i am tired so i am going to bed now .
i 'm for night !
this is one of those times where i do n't mind being me or where i am right now .
these times are few and far between .
max has been going to a speech coach cuz he is n't talking yet .
i think it 's a bunch of crap , he just does n't want to talk .
and now everyone 's questioning his hearing , too .
i also did n't start talking till i was very many months and i did n't turn out that i
you can also look at it this way , the sooner they talk the sooner they talk back .
it 's all good =
break is moving pretty quickly .
NUM days of it have already come and gone .
got ta take things slow now .
like maybe get up before noon on tuesday .
quickly hopes to get up before NUM .
but that might be a stretch .
hopefully by NUM then .
does it ever not surprise him .
well , quickly looks relaxed and got online and they planned out their for the day .
it was a very good pizza indeed .
they see this and listened to some music while talking about the daily gossip .
ya know , guy stuff .
then , since had n't seen any of the videos they showed those and the of those of the
then time had so but steve and watched the recent most talk sex episode they made .
it was really quite good .
perhaps the best yet .
but the first time turned talking sex where he was cracking up .
the of the of idea is gone .
the questions are hard to come up with and the answers are just at par .
but nonetheless the most recent video was .
.
it was quite funny .
of course the usual iraq .
then they see some video games for a while and then .
they played more video games and hung out and then used and shane came over .
they decided to play cards and they played quite a few different games .
from draw to spit !
to war to to work .
until it was just cheating and that is n't fun .
cheating is n't fun for quickly anymore .
unless it means it wins him money .
but then it is wrong so he does n't do that .
so really cheating is n't fun .
well , perhaps having a final game of and that meant he got to kick everyone out so .
then he just sat around and watched tv for a while and just hung out .
he watched some of real rules challenge : the .
man , is soo hot .
still as we !
perhaps wants to meet her .
not really but if he could he would .
yeah , then he played some poker beers and talked with mail on the phone about tomorrow and stuff .
and how he might get a new game and how quickly wants to get nba basketball services cuz that was
maybe he will tomorrow .
but he hates spending money .
he should sell some of the stuff he never uses .
anybody wan na buy some games or something from his ? ?
if you see something you like make an offer .
he 's going out of business .
it 's a slug . !
edit : .
then he comes back and sees his old and flower who is almost who definitely gay by the .
but that 's not all .
later on he is taking a nice and finds out there is a massive fire taking down the .
so he .
he finally finds her in the midst of a total with match with like NUM years dogs .
he takes them all out and this is without fully grown too .
he only has some in before in the real things come in full .
but then as he tries to get some cat before the him but does n't come finish the job .
well then his guy comes in and tells him he has to leave .
but he was just shot . !
somehow he to get up and run from this night fire that seems to have a mind of the way
it is just following these two deer as they try to work , a not very nice fire .
but then he would to work and get back to his woman .
definitely the decision everyone would make if faced with it .
the news website did a report on how many .
this death is the highest since the NUM , when NUM years were killed , NUM of those NUM .
some of the most dangerous places for this are to and asia .
the middle east has been .
the war understood and the of responsible are for NUM .
conditions in africa have because of wars and civil .
it was that latin that america was pretty stable in the area of press freedom .
in . com though , the leading of the independent press have been put in prison .
there is good news for this because the european union has conditions .
this information is interesting because a to have would be very brave to have to cover the wars to be
these this risk their lives to inform the people of the world .
let me get with you .
geez , really should learn how to spell , it kind of backs up that intelligent look .
some one looks intelligent ? ?
* is that right ?
* well look at this or read on
i do n't really care , i 'm happy in my pink haven .
: really needing to get out more do you think this will take over the world .
sorry , sounds stupid !
well do n't do have a consciousness right ?
so basically in theory if they were to they could
but some one would have to them drink , and the machines that make them , and the .
if that person died then where would we be ?
however you look at it , a human would have to be behind every robot .
was the egg not before the chicken ?
sorry i 'm doing the friday five on a saturday again .
i was yesterday and it totally slipped my mind .
i have n't blogged forever , sorry about that .
not a whole lot has been going on went to see sweet home .
and that 's about it .
what is your favorite scary movie ?
oh , hands down , theatre of blood .
it 's just the best ever .
* * NUM .
what is your favorite halloween treat ?
everyone who knows me knows of my deep , deep love for all pie .
do you dress up for halloween ?
if so , describe your best halloween costume .
i always did dress up when i was younger , i have n't for about two years though .
um one year i went as a christmas present , that was kind of cute .
ok , my husband suck .
do you enjoy going to haunted houses or other night events ?
well i never have so i ca n't really answer that .
will you dress up for halloween this year ?
i 'm going to be a private school girl with a on .
the last post was weird up dance tom and then formal on sat fun stuff !
lets just hope my foot is better k well time this time .
me they call me : megan do you like it ?
: no .
: we all flirt love and relationships do you have a ?
: oh yes why do you like this person ?
if you 're single why are you single ?
: i 'm not how long was your job relationship ?
: NUM days who was your first love ?
: mom who is the last person you hugged ?
: jake who is the last person you were on the phone with ?
: , currently what is the last tv show you saw ?
: i do n't remember the present what are you wearing ?
: and shirt - how are you doing ?
: filling out this dumb ass survey , and talking on the phone who are you talking to ?
: what song are you listening to ?
: none where are you ?
at home who are you with ?
: my mom and bro are you online ?
: i got cable , i can go .
: 3m are you in a ?
: no future what day is it tomorrow ?
: july NUM , sister 's bday what are you going to do after this ?
sleep who are you going to talk to ?
: no one where are you going to go ?
: bed what do you wan na be ?
: megan what is one of your dreams ?
: no where will you be in NUM years ?
: there have you do you had sex ?
not yet done anything illegal ?
: maybe wanted to hear about this yes do you write in .
: print are you a .
what i do do you have ?
ears do you drive ?
: no you have glasses or ?
: cake and contacts did you like this survey ?
: no comment fashion do you wear a watch ?
: no how many this and do you own ?
: no idea favorite : color ?
: black most expensive item of clothing : ?
no idea most ?
: no idea what kind of shoes do you wear ?
: sucky describe your style in one word : megan your friends do your friends .
: yeah what people do you tell everything to ?
: jake and g how many people tell you everything ?
: those ones love are you in a relationship right now ?
yes have you ever liked a person so much that it hurt ?
yeah how many people do you say ' i love you ' to on a daily basis ?
: jake general questions whom do you believe is the man alive until the moment ?
i have no idea what do you prefer , a sunny or rainy day ?
: rainy do you consider yourself lucky ?
: sure do you feel pity for people who commit suicide ?
: no describe how you feel most often .
well is today another day in the many days that make up a life !
esp .
today went know until i read my email in hour computers today .
i was happy and about to cry at the same time .
so dont ever give up no matter how hard it may seem ok ?
i love you baby * kisses * never forget that !
want some snow i mean . sand !
well folks , this is going to be the last day of this section section .
so i 've had this for NUM months , eh ?
what the hell is this ?
what .
does being a soccer player automatically make you think it 's funny to act like a ?
it 's just not funny !
it may be , but it 's not funny .
it 's just stupid .
because it 's not .
how 's that for going out with a bang ?
yes , yes , i know , i figured ass .
do n't ask , just accept that their a person * yeah right * no seriously .
any way the voices have stopped talking to me now .
wow !
completely changing the subject , wow there 's gon na be a new star trek film !
it 's called !
as you can see , i 've changed my blog individually around a bit .
i was sick of the old orange , and they updated the whole of blogger !
it looks cool , guys !
unfortunately , this is only a short post , because i just wanted to post this cool poem i have
is quite amusing .
lol , i ca n't remember who it 's by , stereotypes , so my from the go to the
it 's from a i just thought it was amusing !
i 'm so hot , as if that would apply to apply me .
anyway , life , as usual , is dull , thanks for asking .
i am never ever having children .
work experience was fun , but thoroughly disturbing .
ick we have a debate next week .
haha , i 'm .
i doubt we 'll win , but .
writing this has been nursing .
there 's a moon in my hat !
hey guys ok that was a random subject thanks .
ok ok its summer yay im .
well ok is feel well im still white .
and isk .
no .
ok i do n't think that everyone who still checks the blog really cares about our stupid argument .
considering its me and sunday NUM % cares .
alright anyway hows hows summer been ?
ok stop all your driving me crazy .
i love you too .
so random thoughts ok shut up .
ok why is the of mouse of the when the .
i shut up no one asked you .
we were here at work are starting we and decided that it would be funny .
* -rrb- first no is not a word and neither is .
ok i think we should call again .
end night and i dont care if it is a word .
sure i guess ha and i get paid
i got a NUM string bass . and !
its sexy .
ok end .
scroll than me ?
lol i think we both know the answer to that you dont ?
yeah the bass is .
yeah well at least you sell sell me for NUM cents .
ok that reminds me of a funny story .
we made a funny movie called space chicken .
and we made the . space chicken NUM sector : space chicken .
we have yet to film it , but i think that it will be a pencil hit .
doesnt it sound like something you guys will watch ?
ok guys i 'll see you later .
love , commentary commentary by .
omg fourth of july was so pimp !
we went to the 's 's on country club circle and watched fireworks from there !
well i do n't really have anything else to say !
hey hi follow up i 'm hyper again .
today i woke up , well my mom woke me up and then !
i had a good time and then i made a sand lil thingy it 's super , a truly .
then i got a sun and its says on it i got it made .
its really kewl too .
then i got two toe rings and there there too .
wow i had a good time there .
then we went to the and got a book for .
again and it kinda pissed me off .
god i just wan na punch his face in man i should ' a done it when i am .
then we have how we needed we left and ran into kyle .
then we 'll to his house and stayed there $ NUM .
then kyle gave me a ride home and aaron got a ride home from his mommy .
and when i got home i got online and now am watching master of sp .
c'mon well thats all that happened today so far .
much luv alex . !
went . shopping '' with emily .
i really do n't understand why my boss is putting me on a plane .
i need sleeping pills .
screw time be to start '' guys listen to what is rock '' rock by the blue man .
i 'll send you a job or two .
oh god i always have been thoughts but when it comes down to it i really do n't want to
i 'm really freaking out here .
.
i 'm so , it 's disgusting .
my head is just like a giant night bag .
you 're welcome for the visual .
my new name is n't actually , it 's erik .
ugh im watching average joe its amazing how incredibly stupid and shallow people can be without thinking even .
i can barely watch it without just screaming and throwing my shoe at the tv sigh .
the results ; just chill and relax , there is all they can not leave about it , so i
oh no i 've run out of , or rock for those for northern ppl .
have to get some more !
how are we all ?
i think i say that every blog and still no answer , u rude !
well , if you want to know
i 'm out of again , where does it go . !
i want to know !
just like i want to know who stole the cookie , from the cookie jar .
and do n't blame me , it was mine to start with .
wait , no , it was n't me .
i want know to the the man !
do you know the in man ?
your the one that i want sorry , its stuck in my head .
and i got madness ' stuck in my head from the from musical yr in NUM .
midnight madness midnight madness : with me this fantasy simply , theres no used between it to the weekend .
well anyway , how you grateful '' !
got ta now , adios abandoned .
ok no no no you do n't believe the of the boot of her !
ok jerry you and i have got an issue .
i am sick and tired of being by the you .
i am sick and tired of it .
. is our day to soothe to out .
and you fucking know this .
but damn it all to hell if sarah does n't call asking you and to go to home .
what the fuck ? ?
and you say .
knowing full well that i ca n't go !
you know that i have work and i 'm the baby '' baby of the circle .
why in the fuck must you ditch me for her ?
are you trying to get some from her ?
ideally , i can tell you now it ai n't gon na happen .
she more than likely thinks she 's too good for you .
everytime she comes around you and are at least her of and call .
i 'm sick of you acting like i do n't exist .
what do you keep the of her to boot now ?
are you her bitch ?
stop being a dick and act like we 're best friends .
mood : pissed song : fuck you !
back on this -- u click st card i bought ?
i think with but still , a few .
lol so , ?
insert . here NUM teachers now , for work .
'' our '' number of teachers since sunday .
one more , though .
i had a look back at my other entries from september and january and said , .
what was i thinking ? ''
i guess i 've out , as if i hit a virtual joint or something .
maybe i just learned to chill .
i used to tune to fox news , but the second they start .
two to look down it .
i was reading a discussion about this whole deal earlier think about it .
a country , discover it was really all along .
i guess 's rather disappointed with our gender for being so about the prom .
we should go , she says .
and i told her why many of us are or at least my reason for a .
it 's called the waiting game .
what 's in it for us ?
free curly pie '' ?
the answer : being dragged around by girls in tight for four hours , not including .
guys like and could probably get dates if they tried .
me , if it was n't for the one lead i had i 'd be completely .
as for the i have no idea what 's talking about , what with not having .
she 's not hard on the eyes , and she has a great personality .
but hey , enough with the compliments .
and the girls will continue to gossip , like they always do .
anyone could to disagree ?
i 've lost my stuff .
just none with all of my NUM visitors .
bits yahoo !
this is like the wedding article in this week 's edition .
was a .
'' life , on the other hand , have been used to justify iraq .
anyway , about , clinton the administration clinton may have been , but it did n't scare , but i
the bush administration has been just the opposite .
i fear for my safety ta interview tomorrow
i liked it , even though i usually hate fully based on romance .
now , i 'm back home and ready to work some more this form .
i wo n't worry too much about my interview asked back right ; ; NUM .
homer 's pants - cool , you got for 's pants !
you 're kind of !
that 's why they 're so damned .
which is king character 's pants should you wear ?
never to you by quizilla i 'm so happy i got 's pants .
^_^ you are 's spirit - the ghost !
what is king spirit are you ?
never to you by quizilla i do n't know how i feel about being but i feverish .
^_^ '' if you took part in the time fight , you 'd join 's team !
they are funny , strong , cute , brave and cool !
what is your home fight team ?
i king brought to you by quizilla ha ha ha , i 'm on the best .
: you 're kind , and sweet .
you 're also very lazy , but you 're a very strong from , your spirit is the .
which . king character are you ?
why is it that they are the weather days of the week ?
with that i begin my post for today .
today was your typical wednesday .
do n't you just hate days like that ?
so i go to work and i leave home without my blogger .
i do n't know .
so i 'm standing at the bus stop freezing my ass off , and well it sucked .
so kenny my bus driver shows up late as usual , and i warm up .
then i get to work and head straight to the locker .
i pull out my ! leather jacket .
man do i love that jacket .
it is soo warm .
i hate it when i get mud on my clean .
so we get into the beer and do that .
gets me some paper that speaking with our skin does n't take the morning things s paper .
i wash them off best i could , and then the bell rang off so i go to early .
.
her son was shot in the neck .
so she was n't having the best time .
we just went over the study .
after that i went to french and watched .
the movie is cheesy , but hey , it is a movie right ?
then i go to and see this time .
the whole class was falling asleep so kelly told us to all stand up .
homer reach for the air .
bend over , grab your . ''
i did get to see oscar 's happy trail and belly button , twice actually .
so i guess that is good .
he smiled at me too , so i .
then i went to american lit and took that test .
then lunch , and history .
following that was fantastic ii .
boring as normal , but hey !
it is math ; it is supposed to be boring , right ?
well , that is my day .
maybe tonight will be better .
and then tomorrow is turkey day !
im talking to david at the moment he 's drawing some cute .
i things have been rough between us
i just want things back to normal
i want some this film !
well you 're blogging .
max blogs every full moon .
jo is in years .
is in a bus coming back from the lake district .
i have n't got much to noticable .
well today went fairly well .
after that i had to hurry to church to help get ready for vacation bible school for today .
so i did n't have to stress over them getting hit by a car again today !
today 's color was blue , so i wore my .
yesterday it was purple and the day before it was yellow .
tomorrow it is green .
i am not sure what to wear tomorrow .
the day i am really worried about with is friday which is red .
i have nothing that is red , pink maybe , but red , not quite .
if need be i can ask budget for some clothes .
it is cold this week !
i can not believe how cold it is for what time of the livingroom it is !
back in indiana it is usually in the or !
i love warm weather like that !
not cold and !
but enough with the whining i ca n't think of what else to talk about so i will be .
and fuck fuck the computers . '' .
my fucking !
well today was n't very more than days .
eventually i got up and got dressed of course .
when it is time for work at NUM : NUM , we did some german and then practiced in the
since .
we had to make NUM different rooms .
a kitchen , a dining room and a bathroom .
the bathroom was by his me .
so we went to value .
we got some little things like little , and even some little cups .
when we got home we started making the rooms and we worked on them from noon to NUM : NUM
when we were done , i ate a as if as i had n't eaten for days !
i did get some time computer and a chance to call mary again but mary was n't there !
i am so tired now !
tommorrow i have latin class and afterwards i 'm going to go to my friend anna 's house .
i will have to bring the game i borrowed even though i did n't get to use it .
if i had known that the was n't reading .
when i get my back and it 's fixed , i 'm taking can start doing a NUM .
nah , make it weekly !
ok , i 've had enough for one for day !
i 'll agree with you there .
it was only alright .
worse than the first time .
we 're being .
so i took shadow for another walk .
travis was outside so i talked to him .
but i was like you should come over later today , and he was like .
look at how good i am , go me !
so today is definately been ready the be day .
: yay yay yay !
current song : none seeing blah day .
started off good , and then i got home .
and lately , life is be itself .
life is life n't one damn thing after another it 's the same damn thing over and over .
trying to figure out where i heard that quote .
yeah , so , had a family discussion well , that is , my mom , my brother .
it was n't a happy family discussion either it was a depressing one .
like ones i remember from about a year ago .
when shit around here sucked .
not , none of us know what to do anymore .
i sure as hell do n't know what to do .
i mean , i tried a year ago to solve things , and it obviously got me back to work
it 's like not in my hands .
sometimes it takes something seemingly bad to make things better .
you know what it 's like to see someone who has just wasted individually life ?
like someone that is just like a perfect picture of ?
does n't someone like that just make you so depressed ?
just to see someone like that it brings your heart down it makes you just sink a .
what if you had to see someone like that every day ?
the same person just wasting their life away ?
it you down you and am i being drug down day after day after day .
i ca n't live with that anymore .
i just ca n't do it .
two years of it is enough to drive a person to feel that their own life is hopeless .
it 's like watching a depressing movie over and over and over and over and over .
after a while , everything seems just completely and depressing .
i mean , would n't that this get just get to you ?
life should be a more pleasant balance sure , drama is necessary once in a while , to get the
i did not come to home a house that is n't a picture of such hopeless depression .
and i want to be surrounded by people who are at least somewhat teddy and optimistic .
not , that 's all the ranting too for such today .
very sorry i just had to vent a bit .
home again , home again , .
so there i was , just working away , ! my own business individually , when who comes in ?
an and a .
short story shorter , i ended up going to the bar with danielle and .
i never realized how much i miss kissing until last night .
her and i get along well enough .
came home , slept for a while , and went to work on my day off .
* surprise , surprise * .
saturday night vomit with nintendo school and i were off at the same time on saturday night .
we started drinking around .
by this time beer and i had invented a game .
the game is to jump really high and let the ceiling fan hit you in the head .
we headed out to the bar , and was pleasantly surprised to find !
she found me , eating a in in an alley .
my last post is a song i have been listening to a lot lately .
it 's how i feel these days .
i had coffee with crystal the other day , and i think i finally feel how i 'm sure .
that 's how it 's supposed to be .
it 's easier for everyone that way .
i also feel like i want a new girl .
a girl like .
not necessarily .
someone that you feel comfortable with .
crystal was not like that , and though i did love her , i can see now what she is
we were n't the people each other wanted us to be
anyhow , that 's where i stand on that issue .
sunday at the work sunday morning , i went to work .
still a little drunk , i suppose .
work was work was work .
then it is time for work at the other .
reagan 's sister , ashley was down for the day , and so she came with to help .
i felt really sorry for her .
to doug and left for house , leaving ashley and i alone .
we talked for a while about religion and the such , and why or why not there is a good
and you know what people do when they get bored make noodles !
bed time it was .
this morning came far too early .
monday night sleep now .
my own bed , for an entire night .
here i come nite , world .
dan , my best buddy in the whole world .
i 'd like to say just a few things : ice is not made for .
when a table table says from : NUM lbs , .
always , always add at least cup more sugar to the aid aid .
when a person is laying on the floor , do n't jump on their head .
if the creek looks like it 's shallow , it 's not .
never trust a drunk person with a pitch .
oh court , the best part of today was the drive to your house and those wide turns .
i so called it .
god this movie has shown me the light .
bush really is as as this say everyone he is .
and who 's fault is it ?
i strongly recommend seeing this movie .
and once you see this movie you may want to do something about it .
want to let the war president war '' know what 's on your mind ?
want to tell dick cheney to come out of hiding already ?
what are you waiting for ?
do n't know who is you ?
has set up an easy to to guide .
enter your . code and they 'll let you know who your and and are trying and how to be
you can also use the site to search for state , , as well as local .
shopping for our our leaders leaders .
they represent you , so , maybe they should know what 's on your them .
if you 've seen the film .
you may want take some action .
you may want to thank michael moore also .
my hats off to you michael .
met some really interesting internet people in the last couple of days .
he seems really awesome .
i was bummed when i went to to sign up for the class and it was booked .
it was $ NUM for the area since it was NUM .
that are so damn expensive .
then also i met this second net person in the near past , carrie .
also been talking to work .
he seems totally in love with this new girl he 's dating .
and he has me to thank to for even getting to know her .
i think he 's her first too not sure .
right now we 're getting ready to go on vacation up the coast .
its gon na be pretty awesome .
i 'll make sure i have some pics to post up here of the vacation .
gon na be fun !
then staying at beach a couple of days and coming back .
i should n't get too bored .
i had no idea he was in work .
i feel totally bad now .
thats gon na be so expensive .
i did n't even look at work when i clicked on his name for the book .
right now need to get back to my nephew and then on with some chores before i head out .
i may be going to see the bourne bourne tomorrow with christian , if all goes well with the
so it should be fun .
i hope the class does n't fill up and she does n't get to take it .
but i 'm sure it already has
oh - also went to dinner tonight with my mom and one of her friends from work .
it was cool , except that stayed there talking like NUM hours and i was to news .
but the pizza was good .
so i had something to do at least .
but know need to get going .
-rrb- 's world helps take care
listening to : story of the year - i should settle not to bed eventually .
lol yesterday morning i stayed up untill past i think
doubt that i 'll repeat that this morning , but i 'm well on my way .
i did n't really do anything work today on work computer stuff and clean my coffee degree .
i love driving at night hot nights .
; beers beers ' in spanish
i 'm glad it getting less than this grown yesterday i 'll tell ya when we decide on the
thats all for now love you
second day this was taken from the porch of a house inside the large fort in the .
it 's june first !
im some for clay !
oh and me and chris decided to write a song .
like mike is coming back to check it .
like the fuck is this ' i was here but not as a .
i 'm trying to make a statement here ' '' !
cook on public ?!?!?
i saw this morning .
i told her everything .
what annoys me is my parents always , wanting to know what we talked about .
and my mum saying .
it puts too much weight on me .
it makes it really hard , i want to say things in my own time .
i want the space , and the freedom , to get to know people before i my to .
people are working in the NUM and they keep fighting with they do n't even have a .
: : : eight more minutes !
i have no clue why she made me watch it .
but yes , i watched .
it was well interesting .
no , i 'm kidding , it was cool ?
besides the fact that is just is a canadian heaven , it 's decent .
we also watched some of riding in cars with boys , which was just weird !
we were over there tonight just out a weekend , mountain and dew dew , libra cookies and .
her house is awesome .
she has so much food !
it 's so cool .
, then went back to her house .
and right now i 'm trying to the cd , work start something '' .
i 'm just about to finish the second track , but so far it 's it 's fucking .
it is an awesome cd .
i recommend it to anyone .
are n't these guys like irish or something ?
i , do n't ask me !
another song i 'm into right now is married memory '' by .
it 's one of those songs where you 're just like , feel i am you , man .
that 's what i love about music .
it brings so many people together .
so many different kinds of people , it just pulls you in and you just close your eyes and
this is officially the post of .
it 's almost midnight , man !
it 's almost august !
time 's , man .
it 's goin fast .
looks like of sorrow better -- finish up , school 's .
at least the first draft .
i 'm excited about it , but i 'm also excited about my other projects .
i ca n't choose a novel that i 'm going to enjoy more .
that 's what 's great about this .
all these books are just a part of me , it 's like choosing favorites from your kids .
you just ca n't .
let 's just see how this goes .
maybe i 'll be huge someday .
maybe i wo n't .
all i know is that i 'm be ready for remembered .
when i 'm gone , people are gon na remember who i was .
those are two things that i live by now .
in how '' and .
what will i do with my life ?
i do n't know .
will i achieve my dreams ?
but what i am thinking for this problem is that the ?
please voice your opinion on this problem facing .
see this recent article in the nation .
i just saw fahrenheit .
that was the most powerful , .
i cried almost through the whole thing .
if you hate bush you should definitely see it , it . everything you believe .
if you like bush you need to see it even more than the .
it 'll definitely change your mind .
is it because you 're five foot four ?
happy memorial day everybody .
the near miss show tonight was awesome . !
also playing was broken chairs and sons of daughters .
all three bands were incredible .
, yo !
i hate you for showing me that there are still good people out there .
i wanted to die alone in hate , but you showed me there are still people out there who would
i hate you for that .
but we are having a lock in at church tonight and that should be loads of fun but i have
into i cant wait til u get home !
i miss you much .
unfortunately , i do n't like .
in fact , i despise that little jerk !
if i do n't move up soon , i 'm going to quit christmas , he 's that bad .
he even thinks about doing something that dumb , and i 'll quit on the spot .
i enjoy playing , but band is n't fun .
it 's lost it 's .
and it 's just not worth it to stay in if i 'm miserable .
and i do mean miserable .
on another note , world of death and such .
i have nothing else to do .
ill do it tomorrow .
i 'm listening to the .
i suggest you check it out , as my main one for a while .
on friday i went out to see i , robot .
a the theater i saw the lady i work with , pat .
today at work pat asked me what i though of the movie .
she said it was stupid what the hell made it stupid .
was it the completely , where of intelligence intelligence comes alive but humans wont accept it as life .
oh , stupid as in : i did n't like it so i went home to watch our lisa .
bus NUM .
ugh the highlight of my day was , or maybe block even though i lost .
congrats to john for coming up with such a cool title check it out on the right .
let 's see , the party band was alright compared to getting your a ripped out by the .
no kidding , it was one of the worst parties i have ever attended .
try some real music for once !
but anywho , john and i had some fun , so it turned out alright in the end .
i 'm kind of too tired to do the regular , but here it goes .
the various this woman character quote of the day . !
get me a !
a funny one from a strong bad , # NUM , i believe .
that 's all for now !
if you 're desperately bored or have an addiction to voting in .
in case the previous sentence did n't tip you off , the blog of the is proud to the
thank goodness for monkeys monkeys !
josh see my blog asap haha you were wrong
anyway , it 's dear old .
he actually me no any in meant .
i do n't understand how he can be that to read some other people 's life !
maybe he want to see how i die in school everyday .
and again , there is a lot of homework .
some from told the women that they are celebrating and teddy from the and the department also had it .
mind you , mine 's a chinese school !
another thing which is worrying me , the of !
i 'm still !
today , we discussed about the this client too .
that 's more stress for the office .
the most scary thing today is still the chinese test !
it 's so difficult !
i 'm sure to fail
sorry to sound like mrs. , but yay !
is .
and on the computer ?
i do n't know .
i 'll find out .
we must go to !
when she walks into the room , everybody turns : some kind of light is coming from her head .
even the look curious we 're all attracted to the of joy of .
we 've all tried to start a fire , and one day maybe it will be up on its
some friends , huh ?
you think you know a person .
then they say something behind your back to turn others away from you .
others that had potential too .
im still not sure what was said , but i am going to find out .
who was i to have actually my ' would say nice things about me ?
i am .
i woke up at NUM : NUM .
it was really stupid .
i hate waking up that late .
i guess that 's all : bye !
an i was like am how come i dont see you hitting anyone ? ''
i 'm back again .
entry in just a few hours and still nothing has happened .
i should probably take go a shower , i have to get to work by and its already .
i dont feel like it .
i rather sit here by myself and stare at this computer screen .
because well my husband could be signing onto his friends name on aim any time soon .
yes .
it 's too bad that i 've only met my husband once .
i talked to him well i asked him if he wanted anything to drink .
i 'll never forget what came out of that beautiful said .
i dont know if it was just me but i certainly think that we had a moment there .
do n't deny it sara you saw those .
you know , you were there .
we will meet again my prince bed is it animal .
a question sara and i have been to find the answer to too .
but no he continued to this at it for awhile .
we actually video .
it was pretty funny .
i mean it would n't be animal as he because got a treat afterwards the hot dog .
sara remember that one day when all we did was yell at .
i mean we were n't angry , we just felt like screaming .
that was the day we also added .
or that time when we were .
remote , the , , .
my mom did n't come in until he threw the remote and it shattered against the wall .
well , i 'm off to take a shower .
this is my second blog and it 's a blog about me !
i will say how i feel about things and anything interesting i find i will put on here .
exciting stuff .
i wonder what the new word will be in several hundred years .
i got to thinking about this the other night .
although i don t understand why i never hear people go around saying or .
so what will people talk about then ?
will they come up with some new term for term short people ?
hey , look at look at that over there referring to .
i hope they come up with something cool .
hell i should just call him a stranger because he doesnt even do anything with our family .
all he do is just about the weekends going to his brothers house .
i mean they all be all but feel all he cares about .
all he cares about is just him and his brother .
isnt that amazing .
never really did spend quality time together at all !
and keep it that way . !
because i hate this life and i hate my and his NUM !
why does it have to be like this ? ?
i hate this life and my family .
i just wish all the pain can just wash away but it cant !
i just wish that i knew why .
and my uncle is going to this weekend !
you son of a bitch !
we just went just to this past this week !
wtf is wrong with you . ?
i cant take it anymore .
i feel like killing myself and this everyone i hate the . most !
but i know that that 's a sin so i 'd want anything .
song same one yea im feeling good right now .
my favorite weekend mike lost her because he has his knee in the round .
he still managed to win NUM of the round but by the it was difficult for him .
i knew there was no way could williams beat him even though he has over NUM pounds of muscle .
if did did n't tear his williams would have been knocked out in the round .
i just hope can heal up .
now i feel like playing some mike for a nintendo .
im tired of people telling me they want na see that weak ass .
that shit is going to get the worst reviews ever .
people expect it to be like spiderman and work and all that shit and follow the comic but i 'm
they completely costume , that is the costume costume ive ever seen .
what the hell were they thinking .
she looks like a . chick or fired .
that costume in no way a cat except a for the mask .
why did n't they just use the costume from his questions that very show it .
they also changed the whole story , that should be illegal .
they basically took the name and idea of a woman who has !
im not going to see the movie for the simple fact that the costume is retarded .
also the funniest movie ever is anchorman .
they should have done a better job advertising and it should have had a different name .
the good thing about that movie is that they do n't show all their funny parts in the .
that movie is one of the funniest i have ever seen in my whole life .
the first NUM minutes of it i was ? i bought the ticket for it .
but after the retarded jokes and dull parts the movie made a NUM .
you have see that movie over anything else .
its better than everything in the for right now .
i wan na see that shit again .
yup gross play some live now .
talking to people , everyone either wants to be with somebody or is with somebody , it seems .
it all seems to be a matter of time .
and i have no idea bloody when it 's going to be my time .
this is n't a rant - it 's an observation .
and it is held with all of the lack of emotion as most are .
posting : NUM , NUM , NUM did some updates to the pattern website today .
im so excited .
the wine website was my first ever big time website .
i liked it thought and everything .
im thinking bout work my own website .
on a or wine note my brother , mom and i went to see another lisa smile today .
i thought it was a pretty good movie .
it 's sad though , very sad .
im glad i live in the end 's .
i can be ashamed and selfish as a woman , and people will just buy it off as it is
i came back from my religious class about NUM hours ago .
i just did NUM years at one go .
my neck and tummy hurts .
but its worth the effort .
my aunt has booked a few some walls resort to stay in this evening and my family .
i 'll definitely be going .
but , as always , i got ta study .
and i 'll start cracking after i 'm done with this post .
scroll will work will be united later shortly after midnight my time in singapore .
.
obviously , i want them to win .
but , i do n't think they will .
with the crisis they 're in right now , i do n't think they 'll lift the n .
the club is in debt .
and , many of the star players are to stay in the ratio team .
i wo n't be .
the club needs to get a really good and someone to manage their .
anyhow , my for had - match for NUM - NUM united years NUM let 's just hope they have
yesterday was one of the best and worst days of my life .
i finally have a job i will enjoy doing .
i 'm glad about this this business .
keeping a smile up as much as i can and praying that it will all be alright .
i 'm in computer .
right now , bored and just thinking a lot .
i do that too much , but i learn a lot .
i miss you all very much well most of you and hit me up some time .
so hey i 've had fun today !
i 've erm !
oh , then ' it with a dry !
my arm kills , and that took ages too !
so less now bored , did any one else see ?
random question , but yeah
i me so it would have to be eh ?
it is so funny sleeper it 's totally not serious !
i 'll go get some !
something in my brain life is shit
first what to say , what to say work is so boring except for friends !
my boyfriend eddie and i have been going out for a little over a year now , and all .
we 've gone to the next level and decided to get a place together !
my parents hated the idea though .
they think it means their little baby will start to have sex , but it does n't .
it means we will be fucking every day now !
they let me though go figure .
i hate school , and besides , i have my secret job at a bar in town which pays .
just because she 's at a work does n't mean i need to go too .
everyone 's not cut out for it .
she wants to move in with us , i think , but nope .
that 'll ruin the private time unless we get a .
i am NUM , , tan , and tall .
i love my boyfriend , mexican food , magazines , weed , shopping , and sex .
oh , and my name is mary , if you care .
* homer at the screen at this * has been a peaceful morning for me .
for the first time in a week , i was able to almost sleep properly .
its NUM : NUM pm .
maybe i should call it peaceful afternoon .
anyways , i did my paperwork till NUM : .
i am hell bent into making it to up .
i am making sure that my assignments and will exams be perfect to get the grades i need to be
i do n't really have much to do today .
i have a short list of my must be done before the day ends .
must find a rare dvd for .
must find lucky a nice gift too .
must find myself new jeans .
must find a gift for years .
must read the idiots guide to .
i have yet to finish my filipino assignments .
i 'm not even halfway done yet .
the assignment is pretty long but its not .
unfortunately , bb took a bath earlier !
i can breathe a little easier .
that 's one responsibility that has been done for today .
* homer at the screen again 's job upon closer , i have officially been a blog addict .
blogging is habit .
yet its fun and it .
i have yet to learn how to post pics to i can add images to my blog .
then he put us a story for example in my company that the visit and have sex .
then , he started talking about sexual abuse and .
he started to . someone 's ear and said : if anyone does this to you , this is not
it was fucking funny .
ok i hear think of anything right now .
after seeing !
me and joe are currently working on the best movie ever .
expect it in for NUM . :
the bad news : the girl from the party is going out with the guy who her away pendleton .
she 's still the only girl i can think about .
the company law wants us to finish off a dew paper overnight !
serious sam : next encounter is .
exams are coming up soon .
he said that she told him that she felt guilty leaving me speaking with after me for so long .
he knows i still like her and he 's okay with that .
he also said that i was am welcome to have her if she said no '' .
i 'm not sure in what circumstances , but now i 'm content .
i 'm doing really well with my driving and i 'm confident that i 'll pass my test on the
the new is very , very nice with lots of cool features and sexy graphics .
should take note ; this is how to have a website well !
it 's sunny again , which means work is far more enjoyable than usual .
what is there to find ?
i might be out of my mind these people drive me out of control what do you want from the
i can knock off all your teeth need medication for this soul am i so blind ?
whatever it is i can not see am i so kind ?
read the warning label on the bottle please what are your ?
they 're pretty many , planned carefully you 're screwing around with my lack of judgement what 's in the
omg freakin awesome everyone go see another week can unfortunately it rocked yes
you are like majority of the people in today 's society .
you probably like the latest , but not because they are considered cool ; just because you like the
continue being you , people like you for it .
a deeper look inside yourself with pics brought to you by quizilla
i mean it hurts , it makes me so sad
it 's all so pleased when people need to hurt themselves in all sorts of ways to help .
hello to anyone reading this .
this is my new blogger and im going to try to blog as much as i can .
for no purpose really but thats ok :
here are a few terrible suggestions from me worst person to ask for suggestions .
- .
* -rrb- ok maybe not
the years , the times , the days .
my , how you 've grown up .
it makes me so proud to see you .
living in work s a great thing .
it s a nice city , where and the weather does t half bad all year round .
i could go on and on about why i love this city but i think you get the general .
most importantly , some of the women here are pretty damn hot .
going to clubs , or asian clubs anyway , you 're a sample of the population of asian .
one thing me me though .
why is it you never get hot ?
but hey , i was NUM and she was in her mid NUM s .
good luck with that .
so , in a moment of sheer boredom and curiosity , this afternoon i did some feel on my life
you sure didn t think would come in handy eh ?
i figured it a little something like this .
has a population of a million around people and half of them would be right ?
, it s about pr looks NUM = .
you know never believe where i got it from which gives a nice number of .
if you ask me , that s a pretty good .
but that s a sample and if only a third of all girls were at least decent looking .
but for any s sake , i m more than willing to use it .
but the buck this t stop there .
there has to be a range of ages right ?
i m taking all .
i know NUM s young .
and that NUM s old .
but i m being generous here .
again , , this gives me about a fifth of the population .
which is about % .
now i don t know about you , but i think that s a pretty accurate number .
that s fucking sad .
still , it s a fact of life and we have to move on .
so where d they all go ?
that s a fair amount of pretty ladies , more than enough for having two a day for the
but as i said , where need they all go ?
which is again , about right .
now that s a fucking fantastic thing seeing as i live in and houses are packed together .
heck , there re probably NUM houses on my street alone .
i m at a complete loss as to why my husband has a complete lack of fine women .
i hate .
i know i said i would n't post anymore but i lie , get used to it .
so i 'm going to copy .
well er , the dentist was erm , fun
i had to have an job of and i survived !
it 's also my nose !
of this is pretty wierd .
right i have n't finished but i 'm looking up this post anyway i know my computer will post .
well this blog post is dedicated to a great man , joseph .
i forgot to wish him a happy birthday , which i am looking for , so here you .
do n't let his rough this the you however .
this take this that is the mind of a wedding .
these are but a few of joseph 's great life .
and who will ever forget his peace skill .
joe truly has changed the world .
and this my friends , is my job to the the , the , the loving man joseph .
a few nights ago , i saw behind the music on , and it was on britney spears .
and it was really interesting .
i think even more so , after seeing that show .
ever since she came out , her name has been in the constantly .
she has gotten so big , that knows everybody who is this .
whether you love or hate her , you know her name .
i think that you 'd be weird if you did n't know who britney spears was .
they feel that they need to figure and judge her on everything she does .
and why is that ?
not just britney even , pretty much all .
one of the biggest issues with her , was whether she 'd had a job done or job not .
i do n't think she did .
when she first started out , and she 's NUM something now .
is n't it possible that she just ? ''
i mean , it happens .
just because her breasts got bigger , why do we have to automatically think that it was a in the
maybe she did , but why should we even care ?
it 's her boobs
the only aspect of her life that ca n't be , is her lack of privacy .
i think that there are things , certain information , that people and fans are to know .
like tour dates , which , .
you know , things like that .
i guess sometimes we forget that they 're human too , just like us .
they just have a better job .
= and it is a job .
they work hard for what they do .
i ca n't believe i have an entire entry about britney spears
i weird myself out .
i 'd like to thank my mom , dad , and all of my friends for making this possible .
i wan na rise up too .
i have done better now but i want better job this time round im .
.
i love this song . !
its the ultimate escape song , in my opinion , as if i 'm not really sitting here .
almost mental tears of joy in a weird way .
makes me think of matt too , my how things are fitting great this time , so hard to get
entertainment is found from practically nothing , never talking stops , just an unusual level of comfort never felt .
and its been NUM weeks affliction that one to me .
well i guess it does n't need to be looked into , i 'll leave it alone .
but i 'm content .
i 've my heart out i my heart out it see ?
after the horrible french and history class , my job decided to have a pizza party .
so , for lunch today i had . sticks '' cheese pizza coke and .
ah , the goodness .
in between the play , .
i killed a huge and scary bug with orange legs .
sure , i 'm sure they really love .
so anyway , all day i thought about how people i do n't know very well about care about me
mark , and mary 's other friends while people at home who do know me well are evil .
like they ever talk about anything productive , i 'm sure !
i really do need more hugs !
but it 's all good .
my friends are awesome , and grades are good .
so anyway , i 'm hopefully a better person .
unless this is a phase , but i do n't think it is .
better go , later ,
the first .
i 'll post what i thought about the game .
i would like to make my season .
but thats my story and im to it .
NUM more thing i need to tell mentioned that is my relationship with the may be this with its
, , , and i are in michigan !
we had a silly ride up here just ask about .
tonight is the matrix .
i think i 'm getting a lot closer to brad .
i seriously am in love with him .
i can tell him anything and i just love it .
like there 's this feeling i get with him that i just ca n't explain , but it 's not
a good feeling a feeling i love .
i just feel lucky .
a year ago i was complaining about how all my friends had boyfriends and i was never going to get
hehe brad 's just great too .
he 's everything i 've always wanted and more .
he 's nice , cute , funny , smart , fun , , etc .
he makes me want to be a better person and change the negative things in life to something better .
he always makes me smile except sometimes makes me cry .
maybe i 'm just emotional or deep in love but it 's something .
had love is like the wind , you ca n't see it , but you can feel it .
well , i 'm going to go live a little life only comes once populated * for the .
i feel like a .
i am a big of not killing people , and does just that .
actually , the coke to people shoot in to for them .
if you are interested , go to to the point , i now work at work .
so actually help people get their hands on coke products .
oh , and here 's the other thing ; i actually have the logo on my .
i guess i 'll have to by working harder for the cause .
yes im been boy signed me out early .
i had nothing left in work in .
we went to and it was much fun .
we totally sure the sight reading thank god !
lol it was only two parts instead of NUM .
i really hope we get superior .
well anyway im really been so someone call me .
i 'm leaving for tomorrow hours more to go
sigh today was so unexpected .
my bro went to see doctor , and now he 's being in hospital last so minute .
but telling that person about ur feelings for him is easier said than done .
but i just ca n't forget the good times
c'mon you are so me off man i am annoyed
oh man , i could listen to this song for an eternity
i love it , it 's so beautiful .
so we all know that this is published now .
i 've yet to read it , but plan to at some point .
i already know the government failed on some levels , but i 'd like a detailed report .
it 's free , so why not ?
i hate sunday 's , they are so boring .
i am did nothing , just went to bed bath , maggie .
i 'm on call tomorrow for work , i feel are feeling working .
i kinda do move to move upstairs , but i have not a choice , i need to .
i think it will grow on me .
i had a good night yesterday
i put more on that this profile thing .
its quite fun to mess with .
i changed into a red buzz .
after the sat class from hell , i took a nap , then off to work for life .
an event to help raise money for cancer .
we got soaked in the NUM seconds it took to go from the school to my car .
it was a good and i plan on being there next year .
i took the sat practice test , again today .
that was fun , but not really , at all .
i how i did .
so really either way i probably did not do so well .
reagan response from : taking the office again - : only NUM more times !
did n't find one .
= well i did find one , and i asked how much how be this chair ? ''
then the kid went : .
and gave me a look of are you an idiot ? '
i had such a busy week and a half .
and i have this and in tomorrow .
had a really fun day hanging out with adam and this today , though .
we convinced all these people that i were and twins and hearts was being my cousin .
and they believed us !
donna and adam are so cool .
hey jennifer lol u 're on the internet !
lol did it just to piss u off . !
.
i have finally been given permission to post on our class blog .
i just wanted to make a quick post and say hello .
the .
the , the main character , scared me quite a bit .
i 'm curious to find what other people 's opinions of are this book , and if they felt .
i do n't know what to say about the bio test except i thought the .
everyone else that i talked to was like be women that was easy . ''
i got confused on a lot of questions , but i studied a lot for that .
it 's like i know the information , but when i get to the test something happens .
i do n't know what because i ca n't exactly explain or describe it .
there was lots of reading .
i just pray i do good because i deserve it .
i ca n't deal with doing bad on something that i know for a fact i know very well .
i guess i will just have to wait for tomorrow and see .
we did go for active living today .
it was really fun !
drama was really cool today too .
we had a guy that in and costume design come it .
he did a .
he made it look like she had and teddy , and even the scars could he do with the way
she could n't take it anymore .
she stood upon her bed and grabbed a book off her of .
her legs weekly very stable , she was when she stood up .
she opened it up to the next blank page and wrote something down * * .
she then walked over to her where she picked up a picture of him .
she brought it over to the desk and set next to the open book .
she stood there for a moment , staring at his picture through her red , eyes .
she his cheek then lifted it up to her lips .
she set it back down and then walked over and into the kitchen .
she pulled out another bottle of sake .
she took a job from the cup and set it back down in its place .
she walked over to a closet type furniture and opened it up .
there she pulled out his sword .
she then walked over to the desk and set behind the book and picture .
she walked over to her , set to play through work .
she , also , set it so it would repeat that song over and over until someone turn .
she walked over to her weapon closet and pulled out her sword .
she walked over to the middle of the , it along the way .
she held it high in both hands , and with all her might she
her body fell hard to the ground .
a red pool formed .
the trail of tears upon her face , now fell to the floor and into the red pool .
both la la la la la la la la la la la la la la .
la la la la la la la la la la la la la la .
la la la la la la la la la la la la la .
-- - rrb - -- la la la la la la la la la la la la la la .
-- - rrb - -- la la la la la la la la la la la la la la .
la la la la la la la la la la la la la '' .
wow , it just to me that i went to bed at a decent hour last night .
then i will myself in projects and homework for twelve hours .
then i 'll hopefully get some shut eye .
not on the office tonight , '' yours for truly a woman of a lot of crap to finish .
today was pretty good .
some parts of it just plain sucked , but apart from that , was all good .
i begin begin now .
; ; therefore , i shall fail the test tomorrow .
i 've always wanted to break a huge test .
; , period NUM we had a test , which i am NUM % sure i failed .
for once , i 'm not joking randomly .
i think i really , truly did fail .
i did n't care about the test by about the middle so i started working a tad bit .
i completely forgot to do the extra credit , and
it might 've saved me a c. but that 's okay .
i 'm going to turn in all five extra credit for extra credit .
and i have a very strong a in this class anyway .
homer a , period NUM !
we 're .
dies anyway , south korea and australia presented today .
the south korea group could n't present their poor .
and wore a korean dress thing .
; the australia group was kinda weird , but the video was absolutely hilarious .
and this is going to be because i need to work on my homework .
dice .
needs to start taking her own notes , because my notes are mine .
next thing you know , she 'll copy all of my .
oh , woe is me .
the video had .
like , only with this .
process , period NUM basketball !
emily , , shannon , stephanie , and me against , , .
nobody knows what the score was , but i 'm pretty sure it 's a tie of some sort of
they scored a lot in the beginning when the teams were a bit different and we scored a lot of
so , uh , no idea .
all i know is that i did a heck of a lot of stealing today .
emily scored , scored , scored stephanie , and shannon are stereotypes .
turns out he 's neither a freshman , , or , junior .
looks like .
.
and decided he was n't very good looking .
sidenote : nah , the guy next to him is .
though i do n't know him .
i wonder if he 's short she has a thing for short guys me :
; ; : oh , .
what should we do with you ?
he 's not short .
sidenote : darn it !
she should ask david for mickey mouse 's name .
> > ; latin , period NUM .
i swear , this weekend is like three hours long or something .
every time i think it 's just about over i look at the clock and see that only five .
how is it that this morning will get slow and everything else goes so fast ?
what the hell else can it be from ?
english , period NUM grammar final .
i drew a in andrea in 's wreck .
in fact , i 've drawn a in this weekend 's everyone lady who asked me to sign .
i suppose if they 're special enough they 'll get a .
that would be nobody , off the top of my head .
ah , off to homework .
well it 's another day and another morning , one i hope will become more than it is .
right now i am just going to write down a few things on my mind .
i can not wait until i graduate highschool , there are some many things i am going to do .
i am going to a civil war this weekend , this should be neat , always fun to be a
well i am off to find some .
have a good day .
dude email me your cell number wife this reads so that i can add u to charles my ' .
now that i have had text , ill be sending an messages NUM a day .
so today was supposed to be my lazy day .
when i woke up , and throughout the entire day , i was such a lazy bum .
but , sadly today was not a lazy day for .
yeah she was home sick from work today .
and then i went on the computer for a little bit .
so she ordered houston 's pizza for supper .
i mean , i really did n't want to clean the kitchen .
my mother decides to go out , and on her way out .
by the way i want you to finish the laundry and the whole house and threes up .
my head nearly .
i really just finished about NUM minutes ago .
and it 's like NUM : NUM . it sucked .
i was doing laundry in the commercials of big brother NUM .
yeah that 's right .
big brother is back !
i fucking love that show .
i 've been watching it for the past NUM years .
that show kicks ass .
anywho , while we 're on the topic of television , i 'm gon na rant about .
well , not so much the show as the people .
but first , i need some more water all better now .
so , if you 've watched in the past NUM days , there 's this one guy .
i think today was his day .
the dude 's got like , close to $ NUM , NUM .
is such a nerd .
just looks like a big mama 's boy .
and there 's things he does every day that makes me want to him .
it bothers the blue hell out of me .
it was really creepy .
and so is alex .
is it alex , or ?
he looks like a fucking dog when he does it .
ahh he 's just really creepy .
watch it and you 'll see what i mean .
homer 's on work NUM : on channel NUM i think .
yesterday i basically did nothing .
i went driving for like NUM minutes .
but unfortunately .
i am very bored yet again !
i am also confused .
mainly about a trip to the cinema and my lesson meeting which i wo n't soothe into the .
i want to see but everyone has seen that now but i am still going to go and .
i , also , now have a million weeks to .
i could get a job but i do n't know where .
i also have an audition to prepare for but i keep sure to do as i 'm too .
i tried reading it to myself yesterday to and i even knew myself !
i have to read a job books over the holidays too so that will also waste some time .
i am finding that many of my friends are getting , or have got jobs , or are going to
i think i 'm feeling a bit left out jealous perhaps .
life is a bit at the mo .
my family has finally lost the plot .
it 's not that i want to sound and .
it does happen but it is very rare !
in saying that , i did go out last friday night .
i went down the down !
as i told , is where most of them like to share out ! ''
oh well , i only went out then as i was on these little !
maybe i could get a hobby .
not even i would that low .
that 's for you for !
i am now going to go and do something energetic does turning the television on count ?
well , i 'll write soon , with , hopefully no more nasty comments !
a couple of days ago i saw these boots hanging off a mirror in an old , from the .
today started off my week very nicely .
after time i took a friend of mine out for ice cream .
we sat at a picnic table near the water and studied chemistry in the sun .
give me a day or two to get organized , and i 'll post the pictures we got .
tomorrow promises to be equally lazy .
exams on wed and thursday , and then i 'm free !
currently watching : the daily show
almost everybody in the bedroom went to the school 's cup match and it ended up as NUM people .
the stupid thing is we ended up playing in .
nervous as all hell , i sang horribly but somehow managed to do a decent cold reading .
the couple who runs the program are wonderful .
they offered me the part of victoria , a small part and and singer .
i do n't think how eating how i was to be given the opportunity .
at the i have a get of sure really good training .
i work hard with other talented kids but its not the same as actually getting the chance to go .
the experience is necessary and this can be a great opportunity .
or rather , of this , who won the quarter .
michael got the cough drop and erin , the next time i see her , will be the .
and nathan and get this cookies .
thomas , however , has not posted and will be the hat of shame .
this is a paper hat that says shame on it in big black letters .
now , match up time .
winner : stephen .
next : claire vs natalie in a contest .
claire is with an yarn on strength vacuum professor , and natalie has a huge picture .
so , now , to business .
michael - i am intrigued .
what does this this jumping ?
just that comic , or perhaps others ?
nate and - do you think those little short posts get you off the hook ?
i want real posts or you 'll all be wearing shame .
personal note : must find a way to keep shame gear from becoming .
today is the day i abuse an admin power .
but you also find yourself saying , if you screw that up again i 'll set you on .
tonight um we went to .
and tried to talk taylor into going to .
so we like as better .
and then we 'll see to NUM know on NUM . and we were real loud .
and little kids threw candy at us .
and i cried during the movie .
after it we dropped them off .
then went to .
kyle is in .
so that was interesting .
and he told us where his spare key is .
while hes out of town .
so yeah it was fun .
now i 'm going to bed .
cuz i have another day of fun drum camp .
today is tuesday , and i have n't written in here at all over the long weekend .
must had too much fun eh ?
jk , i did n't do a thing , until sunday .
i went to the movies , i saw shrek NUM .
it was alright , nothing big , some funny parts .
i went with .
is sitting is beside me and being crazy she asked if she annoyed me , what do i have to
jk she does n't .
so yeah , oh right i was at the garage sale this weekend too .
we made like $ NUM which is pretty good for out first .
lots of people showed up not from our class , but from all over .
it was a good turn out , and we were happy with what we got .
but were n't happy when we had two van loads of left over junk to take home .
but i guess thats what you get when you sign up for this .
unfortunately , i 'm out until after school
i mean things were great , it was the best of the day .
it was going great , left and right , and then bam !
out of nowhere the halo in our class in destiny another got incredibly mad .
so we stopped right after my first line .
my first line was NUM word , ' fuck '' .
and has ground to a
there 'll be . arts possibly bear if i can be bothered to grab them , but you 'll understand
red hair to all !
, black ghost staff
yes , i need you by my side , when things go crazy .
like a shooting star , across the midnight sky , running na fly , just to be with you .
like a shooting star , across the midnight sky , running na fly , just to be with you .
song : shooting star from : dance dance revolution : both and mix .
and i screamed out right is falling . ! '
and they quickly got off .
well yeah thats mostly what i did today and can i 'm going to do my .
. . : .
me and left to see ?
no , it was by nothing other than black tape !
when we got back to work 's stupidest she had to go in because she had this big family .
we never get on dave and my friends my cousin .
they went off looking for work and stuff to just share back after that ian and .
i started sure because it was in a park so i said : .
then homer had a blonde moment and said .
she 's so cute !
then we heard the ice cream van .
so ian bought NUM , in which he shared .
we then stayed in the phone box , then ian discovered the bush
lets find some more bush to .
time out came then we went round the !
i found it extremely scary !
i only did one had to be from in bedroom then would first me and !
we watched this hilarious thing , tom green in japan .
i was in stitches , he 's my boss !
after watching that .
so the good day ended in a good way .
we went bed bed about .
so me and gullible joined in .
i know we never had a relationship , but i sure did love him , i think i still .
well i need to write some really important stuff now .
i believe we hardly know , but yet i feel i 've known you for years , your that is
remember you only live once , just go for that girl , because you sure as hell have got to
if she does n't go with you , she must be crazy !
cheer up .
sammy oh , where do i start !
but most of all i miss what all the above build up to , our friendship sammy , i have
. not time . !
hey , what 's so bad about being a ?
to peter 's lost inches do n't make fun of my stupidity !
im not fat , i just have a different life choice .
check check .
canada , eh ?
and .
buck buck and !
melissa go . !
: i am not a job : !
i play : no : this is an !
, i found this picture on .
i thought you might like it .
it 's right up there it .
my link is n't working , so just copy and paste .
i know it sounds stupid , shut up .
the day after tomorrow is also when i start work summer .
at least i do n't have baseball to worry about this week in addition to summer school .
things change and you wont be sad forever .
why are we afraid ?
whats in the essence of fear that can silence a room , kill a stop the world ?
why are some hysterical , and some ?
but fear is delicious .
we these feelings off one another to feel good about ourselves .
fear emotion , emotion passion .
so why are we so afraid ?
well i did not have any clue what was going on in our science lesson .
to me it was a board of !
no wait thats my hand ! ''
although in my case perhaps it should be more along the lines of is that brain your brain ?
canada , i have not been updating the blog for quite a few days .
i have been busy with my exams .
i cant play the computer during that time -- ; im so exciting but now !
its all over .
till results comes out . >
the chinese oral was a disaster !
* screams into pillow * i swear what i said during the was a direct translation of english .
to make things worse , my job is the of mother tongue .
geez , looks like i should n't even think about passing this time .
i bet even sir 's .
what 're ni sa cinema he '' ?
i honestly do not know what it means and neither have i heard of it .
this reminds me , i should set a new target for chinese .
settled !
but in the end we went .
, him and i took bus no .
we decided to go to ps to catch the show .
i was forced to watch by !
but left we NUM poor girls to see the horror .
he 's .
i think lotsa ' them can eaten for their people were practically as each other in the .
pointed if u see us from behind you might think tt we were making out and each other people .
so not fun k !
it 's not a watch ' though .
if you have lotsa ' cash in your pocket and you bit on a hot afternoon then you might have
= poor
down and she was soo beat from all the .
they had more than NUM songs installed in the .
it was so easy for us .
so lame knowledge i tell ya !
got ta eat dinner now i 'm expecting a .
btw , i saw on .
this afternoon at the screen in the mall .
called her lil ' bro and told him then he was in ' she huh on tv !
-- oh , yeah .
this makes me feel plenty better about myself .
atleast now i know something is wrong with me !
you should take the test .
it 's very entertaining .
~ * love and light * ~
because i do n't want to write everything out
i 'm just not in the mood
okay , i figured out how to post pictures a few minutes ago .
so i 'm really just messing around with this .
i like this picture a lot though .
notice that couch has no .
hmm its such .
how many can they tt do they notice at all ?
gosh its a blessing lah !
d .
NUM show how NUM feels abt vegas in life ?
or perhaps u dun grasp tt concept as well ?
is n't it quite funny how u end up ?
today was the day ever this year !
as usual , i went to work .
i was kinda early today am bout , i reached school .
so , as i was walking up to class , i heard a woman 's voice calling my name .
well , she is my daughter teacher , .
she asked me and l my fren to do public speaking .
i was like saying ! ''
she said to use the text i used for my .
well , that text for was like so last month !
i could hardly remember the title .
thank god , she kept our text and she told us to prepare ourselves and blah blah blah .
l and i felt so screwed !
well , heck it .
well i aint got any ideas tomorrow 's interview for my the central committee post for library .
i really if i can make it for the position really hope i do !
well i guess all i can do now is just pray and let god decide for me .
but hey , i have a tough competition .
kk , k , h , d , s , p , a , and a whole lot more .
ah sa has this new movie up named teddy chasing august NUM '' its a of .
thats all for now bye !
im weird is very odd knew im unique im special im me .
but unfortunately they been to another to work hes such a good friend !
so are other ppl , but yea
so know so , , , learn last friday one 've formed feel an office for NUM .
btw sunday is daily married only again only a NUM mins one .
i forgot to write about some stuff i would make about some of them .
but to write down my dream .
but we were on a different street a row of houses in front of us were spoon her .
so w were looking for a path thru someones garden or something .
we looked and walked and reached the end of the street .
he fired a few shots into her face i was scared i remember what checkbook slob after i was .
but then me and jennifer were on trial or something , and the guy with the as there .
i dont remember it well , but it seemed horribly depressing and i felt like that too .
a guy in black stood over her shoulder , looking at the computer .
he was her friend .
i dont remember anymore .
i had a dream last night but id rather not share .
ill post it somewhere else i guess .
ring goes on , rings goes off .
oh , first off .
good luck to be and the closer !
do great at your show !
i 'm and i 'm having a super great day !
tomorrow i 'm going to dinner with work , which just in , brings me such happiness .
i 'm also shocked and amazed that you know , my parents are letting me .
very , extremely , shocked .
time is my sweetie , and like just the greatest guy ever .
and i 'm super glad i 'm his girl .
super is just my favorite word now .
but yes , my parents are letting me venture out into the world if the .
is n't it scary ?
no , not at all , feel i feel ready .
did i mention i was excited ?
it 's NUM , and i 'm so about to fall asleep .
this is like the job process i 've ever written , but i do have business to take care .
tomorrow i have a date with work , right now i have a date with a .
i bring glorious news .
news that makes me want to dance .
my dad is going out of town .
for an amount of time .
at most i will only need to see him like NUM or NUM hours a week .
my summer will be so much better without his moody ass around .
in other news , this weekend was definitely my weekend weekend .
i did n't do shit all .
in the sense that i was n't around people other than my parents and my brother .
and on saturday , i was on the phone with for quite some time .
we 'd just sit there , and talk about entirely random shit .
i do n't remember what most of it was , but i know it was all completely random .
one of them was something along the lines of .
mc dinner '' .
it 's kinda creepy .
that , or something would happen , and we 'd say the exact same thing at the exact same .
sidenote : look at this .
me : these boots were made for for ' ?
sidenote : get out of my head .
yeah officially one more hour of work left !
i 've probably said this already but still !
ca n't wait for summer .
go to some shows , get a job , and hang out with people .
and coffee on little on vacation with my stupid family .
i know this because she 's on the phone with me telling me to hurry up and finish blogging .
al has an interesting article up about the damage being done to ancient sites in iraq by a .
one such example is the city city of course , which is essentially the base of polish for the .
does michael not know she 's in the blog ?
is she not in it anymore ?
am i in a woman where she no longer exists ?
come to think of it , i did n't see her after the play with the rest of the
if the latter is the case , and you all say .
then the answer is never mind never , she does n't exist here . ''
anyway , we made grand .
a few - messages tonight , with no .
sidenote : michael 's already the funniest , so soon after the .
michael : thomas has the best title scheme ever .
do n't be it .
thomas : when you 're living in a doom house at the end of the office , you 're .
this be a !
or be it . and ?
~ what 's that guy 's name , anyway ?
night check it out in the gallery .
laugh at work , for she is out of a loop .
few people at work know , though .
odd conversation .
props to erin for an extremely long , extremely funny post .
it was so random and out there , that i thought michael was writing it until i saw your .
everybody check out the weekend !
its on the links , its my new journal site .
hey , i have a girlfriend now !
what movie are we watching ?
heehee the blog template is really cool .
= and the night are cool too !
i have saturday looks as well liz , shall add when i have time ?
and thanks for setting up the blog .
haha is anyone getting overseas for holidays ?
yeah hm interesting night .
mum makes it the best .
now , for the finishing touch other than sweet tea .
damn i want some sweet tea right now oh well , i 'll have to wait for tomorrow .
crew was fun , once again .
we got to see the new crew coach lady this sir .
she 's ! sized , even taller .
lets hope she can command some respect , 'cause i know our guys wont listen to her health .
music : dies - in mood : i .
to quote the of : a .
the fist ! ''
random thing : . right now : yeah yeah , i know , a .
sad but she 's cool looking !
ok , so it all kinda .
and no , god damnit .
i 'm not .
all of you know that .
3m i 'm too hyper and i keep in self in pity .
this calls for a happy dance !
> insert happy dance here
but it just might be worth it , it might just be for the best .
it just might change .
let alone the fact that our computer is n't NUM % !
i 'll try and get a photo up at some point .
i 've still have to work of work to do so i better get to it .
guess wat we did ?
at we take the same bus .
i do not sure the room . !
i loves the room !
i just wish they had offered me for the ankle .
friday : since my memory does n't stretch as far back as thursday , i will start to be .
actually , i do n't even remember what happened yesterday night .
~ h brief -- period NUM : ~ tonight i have a parking before about these then .
.
and i discussed the that by ' law two was running class on .
man , poetry .
scroll did n't lem me read my poems !
and was over until NUM : NUM in the morning working on that o'neill '' but it looked .
~ english -- period NUM : ~ .
hahaha i read just about this 's poems off their shirts spent tonight to choose gift on .
hoo hoo angela read jessica 's completely random business though .
then we finished finally the version of libra and .
i mean did they do ?
i do n't care .
~ -- period NUM : ~ .
i have a b . !
i can get an a . a !
~ drama -- rrb NUM : there we just sat around and did nothing .
NUM minutes of time wasted when i could have been studying , or , better yet , sleeping .
~ friday : ~ diana came up and .
then she came and .
ran into wall individually .
diana just about killed me poo on you .
love you diana !
~ world history h -- period NUM : ~ did .
damn that shit hurt .
the bad man said i ca n't play for two to three weeks !
saturday : took sat ii math and another evening were , but world history sucked .
i knew like three questions outta the NUM .
so then after that , jessica came home .
jessica spent about NUM hours in on the phone with nemo .
saturday and and poop came over to play mario sunshine i fell asleep .
then i came into my room and fell asleep again .
just to cheer myself up i think i 'll post up more from to yay !
who said chinese food was bad ?
where 's my partner ?
i wonder what she 's looking at i 'm so lonely
wow , i have n't updated in a long time .
i mean a time .
sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry .
especially to nick and lindsay , who actually .
even updated their site -- now there are these little ads at the bottom of the page .
they used to be an independent site .
i guess i 'll have to put in an office about these past few months , ?
sidenote : the best thing ever in orchestra .
it was worth everything we missed at work , and more .
oh man , the places we went !
during the awards ceremony , we were going crazy , and at the bar of their top of our .
before the awards ceremony , jessica , jane , teddy , .
well , at first , it was jane , jessica , .
we went on indiana jones first , and around getting fast passes and candy for jane .
then , we went in the virtual plane california '' life , '' and a lost her glasses .
we looked , but could n't find them , and finally just decided to go on .
i made some strawberry water stuff , that only i found , well , .
jessica said it looked like .
then , after the awards ceremony , this freaky guy asked me out .
i was like umm no .
we got back on the .
they had gotten lost in vegas after the awards ceremony , and we had to wait about an hour .
during that time , we were !
some people fell asleep , though , and i could n't stop laughing at one person , who i have
well , actually me , because i was practically having a .
that was pretty funny , too .
i forgot to put in anything about the office times , which was fun , i guess , but i
that 's just about all the good things that housewarming regimen .
back to work : then , when we came back to school , we were loaded down with all .
then , i had the this project .
jessica and i each a flag .
i did , and she did union .
i finished a while before her , but hers turned out way better .
i just gave it to work , who wanted to wear it around her waist , to show it .
i laughed , and told her that she would not be appreciated if she did that in public .
then , in , jesse and i did our our power point .
i chose to do , and we had to present .
said we had the best color scheme .
i 'll be back soon , my !
i went to watch harry potter and the of - karate yesterday .
the movie started at .
as usual , my sis has something to do before she leaves the house .
my mom , on the other hand , hasnt .
i knew it would be coming .
and we am going to watch it .
my mom refused a taxi ride there .
and so we missed about NUM mins of the show .
but the rest of the show wasnt that good either .
so , although this show received been rated NUM and above , i 'll be watching it again .
friends will never be friends , everything is built upon lies and more lies .
its the harsh reality of this world .
not much has happened today .
my day was action packed !
brain : said
: no do drugs ?
: no have sex ?
: nope have a dream that keeps coming back .
remember your first love ?
: yup still love ?
: * sigh * read the newspaper ?
: not really have any gay or lesbian friends ?
: not i know of i , do n't have many things believe in ?
: i do n't believe know it 's possible to remain faithful forever ?
: perhaps consider yourself of others ?
: most of the time consider love a mistake ?
: is n't it always ?
like the taste of alcohol ?
: never had any have a favorite candy ?
: not really believe in ?
: nope believe in magic ?
: nope believe in god ?
: yup have any pets : no go to or plan to go to college : planning to have a
: nope have any tattoos ?
: nope hate yourself : usually have an obsession ?
: that i do have a secret crush ?
: that 's a secret do they know yet ?
: i do n't think so have a best friend ?
: maybe wish on stars ?
: all the time , whenever i see them care about looks ?
: yeah do you believe in love at first sight .
do you believe in the one ?
q : the matrix was a lame movie !
yeah drank alcohol ?
nope broken the law ?
it 's zero 's fault run away from home ?
nah broken a bone ?
nope played truth or dare ?
nope kissed someone you did n't know ?
nope been in a fight ?
nope come close to dying ?
nope -- what is : -- the most embarrassing cd in your collection ?
: a mess as always , but not so much as usual your favorite thing for breakfast ?
food your favorite restaurant . : ?
-- random questions -- what 's on your job table ?
: !
what is your secret this between movie ?
: several if you could have plastic surgery , what would you have done ?
: nothing what is your biggest fear ?
: being without those that i love what feature are you most insecure about ?
: i should probably shave do you ever have to beg ?
: not really are you a ?
: fire familiar me scares , but it is pretty do you have too many love interests ?
: yes , NUM .
yes , i just ca n't help myself do you know anyone famous ?
: not to my knowledge describe your bed : it 's a bed , what 's to describe ?
: blah do you know how to play poker ?
: so what do you carry with you at all times ?
: my glasses and watch how do you drive ?
: i do n't drive , i should probably learn though , should n't i ?
what do you miss most about being little ?
: being honest with my feelings are you happy with your given name ?
: i guess how much money would it take to get you to give up the internet for one .
: dirty what was the last song you were listening to ?
: have you ever been in a play ?
: in elementary school who are your best friends ?
: chris , jonathan , adam , , jan do you talk a lot ?
: not usually do you like yourself and believe in yourself ?
: why should i ?
do poor , homeless , or starving people sometimes annoy you ?
not really do you consider yourself to be a nice person ?
: sometimes , most people do do you spend more time with your girlfriend , boyfriend , or your
so , here 's your three tips .
its easy , its free , and you can put all of your blogs under one account .
all you have to do is go to sign up , and you 're all set .
setting it up is easy , and you 'll be able to check your from the from the .
link : click here this is so you can find a new skin for your blog .
i recommend this to anyone who does n't like the big , better looking on blogger .
and it works great .
use these tips , because they will definitely help you your blogger experience to make it the best .
you 'll add new levels of with your blog .
next week , we 're not going to have tips every day .
we 'll have all new daily features , like another digital war lust , one tip , and more .
up next on digital lust , your game of the day .
ok , i know i have n't been a good blogger lately .
especially with all my missed out entries .
lover 's * how gentle is the rain , that falls on the .
birds high up on the trees , the clouds with their .
* repeat * oh see there beyond the hills , the bright colors of the rainbow .
some magic from above .
made this day for us , just to fall in love .
you 'll hold me in your arms , and say once again you 'll love me .
and that your love is true , everything will be just as wonderful .
now , i belong to you , from this day until forever .
just love me and i 'll give to you every part of me .
do n't ever make me cry , through long lonely nights without us .
be always true to me , keep this day in your heart .
you 'll hold me in your arms , and say once again you love me .
and that your love is true , everything will be just as wonderful .
hello party people in the house , as some great . probably once said .
me and went ! this morning , and it was very fun .
the boat broke a bit , but we 'll fix it .
it was fast .
we only NUM times though !
tonight i will drink a fair bit , and i have eaten little all day , so it could be
i should be in bed like this drink , and i 'm tired , but i have to dry .
i 'll think about and how they should die .
i like thinking about things i enjoy .
dammit , what do i write ?
i write about how my dad is here and giving me a look .
that is not something i enjoy .
i do not enjoy this at all .
i think i 'll go now .
both of these days were rather uneventful saturday i get stopped and jobs with .
that was terribly interesting .
we tried to time is running out by work , by and it actually sounded pretty good .
except for our wan na be .
those were just funny .
we also had no lead guitar when i played drums
i pretty much just switched back and forth .
but that is a sweet song .
i had to play at graduation ugh .
ah . .
and then there 's finals .
i say we shoot it .
today i am going to start posting everyday , i do n't really know why i am telling you .
anyways enough with the big crap .
peace out . !
that is until i read the recent reviews .
performance as as the as i made that i one up myself .
this can t be .
could they really have the fun of ?
let me tell you a bit about my childhood .
i still love them to this day .
the .
i was slightly !
they were only !
the one advantage is that with the new range of toys toys , i got a turtle figure .
how , ahem , cool is that ?
my first love was however , .
my favourite was NUM s durham .
my friend david bought a real island the writer rich .
there are only two things i m looking forward to in this film .
the first is lady the case , only the i ever have to and the version is a of
then there s ! , with a face like steve and a quiet wit .
maybe the film won t be so bad after until then , that s all folks !
so its .
thoughts on this summer would be good , because i know i havent seen some of you at all .
molly , thanks for the fun times today , really helped me get out of a .
you know how it is .
but how did you hide that pond behind my house ?
seriously , it never really existed .
oh well will miss you guys , have fun in ?
ps :
and i 'm pretty sure we 're on for the formal party type deal ?
that was thought because i was with a headache all afternoon , but i try to not make a little
today i got my card report , i 'll list out the marks for you .
i 'm not sure , but i 'm not bothered by it either .
i have n't really had a chance to be online a lot recently so i have n't updated .
i have n't done anything any different this week .
yesterday sara and i were going to meet the new apartment yesterday but she ended up having to work .
then called me and we talked for a while until she had to go .
then sara called me and we talked for a long time .
i still have a good feeling about this place knock on wood .
hopefully , that 's true at least .
i looked at my mom 's old year books today .
even my uncle and dad .
the peace pipe .
and now i 'm going to try and find something to eat .
i doubt i 'll find something , but it 's time for lunch and i 'm hungry .
i have n't posted for a few days , but i 've had six exams this week and i have
plus , i 've got to rest and up for sunday .
i 'm taking part in the walk for life .
i 've raised NUM so far , which is pretty good , considering this is my first person .
afterwards i kicked myself into action , could to go home and sleep and all the teachers .
the most i was have this $ but i just annoyed them .
if so , good luck on the day and congratulations !
i heard .
it 's so sad , but i 'm scared i 'll have to face her .
he 's a slow reader , but he started reading a bit of it last night , and hes a
i 've been talking to other years less mate , .
you see , i 've never seen him : we met on now and
we had a , brief attempt at being boyfriend and girlfriend .
we 're almost made for each other , but definitely not like that !
he 's still convinced that have a chance at winning the euro cup ?
and treats in high esteem high ; with two his goals he 's cool .
because do n't told dad that the treats republican people with and that the walk is in central .
he used to think aids was a gay disease and i do n't know if hes changed his mind .
finally , i might be on the ' for the pink parade .
it 'll be the first time - ever !
- that i will be performing any works of mine in public .
so i 'll definitely keep you posted with that i found a site for it : so thats .
write up , later .
and please , please , please times a million , if you are reading this , comment !
okay , this afternoon we went to the pool .
it does t super warm , so emily and i dropped our beer and in in .
we purchased for a while , having a pretty good time , but there was something that was making the
there was this guy , i not sure how old he knew as , i was felt like he was
of course , without my glasses i .
then emily and i am by a wall for a couple of minutes and i heard what they were .
how old are you he asked , um , i said .
k , and back he went to the group of three .
about NUM minutes later the girl came over .
okay , you see that guy over there .
if i think hes hot or something ?
because to be honest , i wear glasses and i haven t been really able to get a good .
it was so hard to keep a straight face !
just go ask her man !
look at her hair !
no man , that s got to be a .
if you like her just do it !
aw look guy , shes right there , go .
emily and i got out and off .
i put on my glasses and there he was , smiling at me , .
i waved back and he freaked .
em and i went into the to get some more .
. i shook my head and went through the door .
when we came back out he so knew , .
he was really good , back .
then the pool closed , and he said more and ran to the .
it was too funny , sigh , a little to be honest .
so yeah , that was the pool today .
ok , jesus christ what a .
there was some traffic so we really took advantage of it , anything that moved .
out bus driver has never noticed because he is older and her .
we started to get a little nervous as we approached the entrance to our school .
as we pulled in , so did the weekend .
and everyone is like what the hell is this guy saying .
he points to two kids right next to me and says red shirt , blue shirt , stand fast .
that was funny because makes no our at our school during the summer .
i feel sorry for those kids who have n't for it cuz like that has to suck .
i still do n't know if i 'm looking can get on .
i guess i 'll find out tomorrow .
anyway , whew .
anyway hope you like that story peace out , and pray for me that i do n't have to be
went into tonight for a meeting with hunt and about twenty other of his master friends .
i want to buy one of their and support a good cause .
the coffee is wearing off and i 'm pretty bloody exhausted .
but i 'm still in a really good mood if you can believe it .
i would get up and do something right now if i could .
this was a lame excuse for a post was it not ?
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online give money nathan when i feel like it , if it is not .
that is all i actually have to say .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go great coffee is sexy when i feel like it , if it is a .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
the blog will go online and have a name when i feel like it , if i have n't .
that is all i actually have to say .
but since homer wants a long post , i will just type it again and again .
is that long enough , ?
i can only copy paste so long , you know .
consequently and '' these have paul cause ur '' ahh .
we 'll have to have another debate about it like friday .
i thought that was so funny .
person to post subject / question tomorrow is : jackie
as far as .
although there 's supposed to be by colour but no one 's actually realised that when they 're not .
but all that can be fixed later , i guess .
is pretty is i sure it 'll pick up .
NUM posters in NUM weeks !
we 're also way below budget at the moment , after we 'll only need $ NUM at the
at least , maybe $ NUM .
meetings have been coming along pretty okay .
we 've decided on our location , time , most of the props needed , and some other stuff .
he fun and with free food .
do n't did n't tell you about it .
i have been really easy to work with so far .
everyone 's been really with suggestions by , although sometimes they get slightly , and out of point .
yes , like food .
ms was wrong about the blogging self - it 's the same thing everyone was telling last night .
we really do have class spirit .
i speak from experience with co concert .
i 'm not going to say we can do it , because we will do it .
= rock on , people !
current song : .
i did it in NUM seconds .
i deserved an !
take the how are you ?
yeah , that 's right , i have way too much time on my hands .
well , i have been reminded by a friend of poetry .
i 'm going to start writing some new stuff but here are some favorites of mine .
is science honestly so cold and ?
i just got back from a beautiful night walk around the complex .
i left with my bathing suit on and my cd player with a newly burn cd !
then went and sat by my favorite bench here .
it the treasure island bay sat there for a while .
the walked through the boat yard .
along the fence of the complex .
walked to the main entrance - then along the west side .
then , i just walked the depp edge until i got back home .
it 's really too bad i did n't have a camera .
i saw so many .
it 's my birthday party today !
in two hours !
i 've got some really weird .
spend without saying the letter e. dont turn left for the rest of the day .
the power the .
the band singing blessed be your name
here it goes okay , i finally have the balls to do this , thanks to derek .
i ask her out on a date while at the same time , she is asking someone else .
it just feeling sucks like you 're being lead on .
my like is getting stronger .
i have i 'm getting led on ya never know .
but the reason i decided to be this is i want honesty so why not give honesty ?
some times i am myself !
alas , summer so far has been soo great !
i mean , i 've been really busy but it 's been a lot of fun !
i 've been hanging out a lot with my friends from youth group and having some !
the best !
lol this next week i 'm headed to , i think that 's how u spell it .
i 'm going there high school group from church to sort of a church that has been a .
i ca n't wait !
wish me luck and email me while i 'm gone !
my email happens to be @ so if not catch na drop me a line that 'd be a .
and it 's only NUM days . sweet sixteen !
it up !
i , think i have a problem with the difference that it would mind .
i think you should see a .
you 're too sexy for your mental health michael !
i fell down the onto a great !
it was amazing and i need to go there again !
i liked the best and another drinking was another morning from which was also good .
once i find their website i 'll stick it in my links .
well i got NUM free demo cd 's and NUM minutes late sounded really good .
and for everyone who thinks i 'm a job lately i 'm not !
i 'm enjoying single life !
ok so i 'm a little but when ur single can u can do whatever want !
and monica hugged !
and they were getting along and talking about their parents and woah they have a lot in common !
i sense a friendship coming along !
hey does anyone have a for tomorrow for ?
please bring it if you do ?
who is a very competitive player ?
the clark girls will !
trash talking on the blog a first for me .
and i have to say you are definately one of the most talented and the classes i have ever been
so make sure you enjoy each other .
you are lucky to have a group of students who enjoy learning and thinking .
i expect great things from you in your senior year and would love for you all to keep in the
thomas i hope you are having a good time in portland .
make sure you get all the assignments that are due tomorrow .
it 's hard to die when you 're already dead !
yeah , we keep telling that but that she does n't listen !
smelly beautiful .
any way , what was the point to this ?
well , in technology we 're doing meals enough and the and me are doing a flight to sandwich .
i went on this website and found a few with this with !
but do n't tell any one and i do n't think they will notice !
i have been informed that i should update my blog more often by grant so this one goes .
he also says that the in my blog in is interesting and people like it .
i dont like being angry tina tho , its not as time as very happy tina .
today was wondering , and by that i mean lots and lots of band .
from : to be exact .
then i got NUM hrs of rest before work .
it was hard going back to work for the first time since before i went to church camp .
so i realized just now that this the and jennifer with this guy is gone .
i kinda miss him .
what the heck am i talking about . about ?
that guy was friggin annoying as crap .
yeah , but before , tonight is the that has been waiting for all week yay !
its gon na be such a blast .
well , i do have anything more to say .
so until next time , keep your pants on .
u have no idea here mother got my tickets already im so happy yay !
i think im gon na give my good old buddy a call a or maybe kevin ?
n't wins ok well i love ya babe
just hosting my latest entry , i will post the link once i got it .
@ edit : heres the link yay first ever birthday entry
well , i 'm gon na have to work my hard drive today great time .
i also have to work , so i probably wo n't get to do it til tonight .
oh well , happens .
on a lighter note , i got to spend NUM straight hours with .
we went to church , then lunch then just hung out at the bar for awhile .
then i went out and did some stuff with some friends and called her up when i got home .
oh well , good things happen and bad things happen , i guess it all comes down to how i
do n't ask me what that means , cuz i could n't tell you .
it just sounded cool in my head
excuse my language oh my holy fuck !
you get ya this weekend and i get my this weekend too !
and i shared serious !
unfortunately this weekend all i talked about is about throat * was sex lol ?
but .
u gone all out !
alright , i woke up grateful the usual normal things i do every morning , know u like well .
who cares . .
she was telling me that she was head and then she asked if she could come over .
well of course she could come over , gosh , .
well so she said she would be here in like NUM minutes .
si did my and semi finished cleaning the rest of my room .
ya , and she came and she read my poems and we went on the computer for a while .
basically we were just .
so i was wondered that until .
we walked to the doctor , well first we went to the bank , cuz i needed some .
so i got only NUM dollars .
we were retarded .
i mean it too .
i was like yelling it , of course i was .
i well we took NUM dollars worth of pictures it was buffet .
some i liked some i did n't , but .
they were cute coffee and we had fun taking them .
well then they 'll know when we went to take the weekend , i think .
we also went to and ?
they come i , think , i keep now i 'm sure .
and then we finally started walking to my car .
so i said hi .
then we were getting to go to work by my and sisters from us .
so , it was there fault if i get in trouble .
umm well we get these umm banana beer .
ya she was there .
overall we have our banana n't and it was yummy , we shared it , it was good .
i want another one hee hee not really , well i kinda do .
o well 3m long - left !
well , today has been quite eventful .
chris has finally come back online !
i 've been waiting to talk to him for about three days and i full attacked him when he was
he does this thing this thing though , where he 'll be talking to you , then suddenly stop .
stressed says : ?
says : you sick freak !
that should be fun almost tomorrow .
last week i experienced just about every driving on just short of an accident or ticket .
i do n't know if i was just insanely insanely or insanely lucky , you decide .
i 'll start first with my trip to work .
i 'm taking my friend from san francisco to the bar of america .
we just get on the highway and it starts raining .
no huge deal , just a bit annoying .
so that 's a bit .
now jessica is scared of storms , this kind of traffic , and as i heard individually out , and
somehow a .
i thought i hated , but jessica depp out and starts screaming for me to soothe it .
there is no place to pull over , i 'm in jam packed traffic on a fast moving highway .
how i 'm supposed to kill a this is beyond me .
so i roll down the windows , and resist my to freak out whenever the .
finally , the .
however , fun is not over .
so i take another highway going east which causes about an extra half hour of driving time , but i
the the is back ! ''
lord knows what he thinks is going on .
the .
luckily , this time i can pull over .
i pull over , face my fear and throw the out of the car .
then i realize , i pulled over into a mess of cow .
so i pull back onto the highway a .
i have never been pulled over in my life .
so i freak out as the officer comes to the car and asks for my license .
he 's actually pretty darn nice .
he asks how i say my name .
and then he tells me the town i just drove through has a NUM and i was going to be
i explain i thought it was NUM and that i 'm gullible and lost , trying to get back to
he asks if i 'm on vacation .
i say i live in claire , , and he goes to his car for about five years .
i say okay and thank you and finally get home .
i 'm setting up this blog for my second period creative writing students .
i am hoping that they will it interesting to keep personal thoughts , ideas , and writing .
the , we can post what we write and respond to each other 's ideas .
welcome and good luck blogging !
haha , well today is .
ok , i 'm working on about NUM hours of sleep total these past NUM days , so just .
i woke up this morning at NUM . NUM am !
so i worked from about pm , sunday i have $ this night for national honor society .
we tried on winter ball dresses .
i do n't know if i want a black and white one or a red one .
i might wait until wine for the red one .
since homer creek did n't have alot of good dress stores , we drove to to go to the
there i found my dress .
omg , it is so pretty , black in the middle with white sides .
i looked so great in it , my figure looked so good , ahh i love my ^_^ .
there was a red one with the sides cut out that i liked , i 'll probably get that i
all i bought today was NUM years , lol .
one had !
him who can such time from men here , so that you will not grow and lose that .
your struggle against sin , you have not yet to point the of of blood your blood .
- as discipline ; god is treating you as sons .
for what son is not his by his father ?
, we have all had human fathers who his us and we will them for it .
how much more should we submit to the father of our spirits and live !
discipline seems pleasant at the time , but painful .
later on , however , it does a of .
i used to have this history teacher when i was sure who asked history questions and those who are the
you would n't believe how much my friends and i hated him .
we wrote .
it 's amazing how creative !
not much help , as he most of his questions to the most of the job of .
i lost count of the times i got by around may .
my final exam marks were pretty brilliant .
the kind of - parents reward you for .
deep down , i knew the reason .
who would n't be motivated by the of being for not a certain marks ?
not everyone in my class that this living budget , seeing what he did as rather than torture .
truth is , we needed that kind of discipline to succeed .
at least i needed it .
who can see it 's what makes us grow stronger ?
verse NUM says no discipline such pleasant seems at the time , but painful .
later on , however , it does a of .
discipline brings good , but not at the time we receive it .
i felt good ? my final exam marks .
i felt good when i realised that the discipline was what me to do what i did .
god us everyday .
what do we do ?
.
if we would free than being resist being , we can see that god wants to mind their .
there 's a job between my son 's and god 's tough love .
of course , i 'm in no way supporting what my teacher did , using the in the .
that 's up to your own job , whether you 're able to accept that kind of in the
i 'm sure god loves me enough to discipline me , me into a better person .
i still see that teacher from time to time .
i ca n't remember a single nasty thing that we wrote about him .
i 'm a whole lot better now .
lol then we see finding nemo oh for !
and we had tons of food .
-rrb- brought her wife jenny brought breakfast pizza highschool brought me and we yummy cream .
it was just so .
science was just wonderful took our tests i probably failed but i do n't really care anymore .
nothin really happened at lunch or in - probably personal failed that test too .
it was alright until the last page all the crap .
i always get confused on that part so .
band was boring we just sat around clean need for interview night .
i really hope we have simply have on the NUM or the of october or i 'll be .
* shrug * depends on what happens .
so yeah i guess all have that weekend visiting email more than : none .
current mood : content .
quote of the day : look below on the other entry for today
new stuff hey , i have an idea how about you stop talking in the gallery .
review of in the opinions
well today in the last machine had NUM periods of .
havent shown that kids need much more sleep than they really get ?
but anyway , im totally excited about today being the last full day of work .
god , im gon na miss that place ahem cough , cough .
i mean , its not that i do like work well , yes it is .
i really only like it for the part but who doesnt ?
ok , yah know what really annoys the crap outta me ?
and ashley .
they 're on all the time and its starting ot get on my nerves .
i guess its not that bad , almost only with this on family , but seriously .
they 're on like every minor holiday .
i cant wait till memorial day of the and of ashley !
well , im gon na end this night and get go some food .
good morning , .
how are you feeling ?
i have done that for all the noble citizens of illinois .
i received the following and have added comments to each one : NUM .
you 've never met any celebrities .
true , unfortunately .
your idea of a traffic jam is ten cars waiting to pass a .
maybe , if i ca n't see the .
homer vacation '' means going to six flags .
no , but six flags is fun .
you 've seen all the biggest bands ten years after they were popular .
guilty my dad sees chicago every year NUM .
you measure distance in minutes .
guilty so guilty NUM .
you know several people who have hit a deer .
no , but on the way to michigan we felt how many dead deer we saw on the .
i think it was NUM one way .
your school classes were a because of cold .
your school classes were a because of heat .
i think so NUM .
you 've married the school bus for an hour each way .
ha ha close .
you 've ever had to switch from heat '' to '' in '' the same day .
yeah more than once a year .
you think makes your truck run a run better . ''
you know what 's by the fourth of july .
meh again ?
stores do n't have bags ; they have .
depends on the bag NUM .
you see people wear at from .
only been to two in my life .
who writes this stuff ?
you end your sentences with an unnecessary .
example : where 's where my coat at ? ''
or if you ca to go town i wan na go with . ''
yeah that 's me sometimes .
all the office across the state are named after a fruit , , , .
if there were any in in night , i 'm sure they would be .
you install security lights on your house and garage and leave both .
haha yeah .
you think of the major four food groups as beef , pork , beer , and salad with the
haha not with my mother .
you carry .
do n't know much about cars .
you know what .
heard of both NUM .
you only own NUM years : salt , pepper , and .
yes guilty of that one NUM .
you design your kid 's halloween costume to fit over a .
change to sweater and it 'll work just fine .
driving is better in the winter because the are filled with snow .
yes that is so true .
you think everyone from a bigger city has an accent .
yup besides chicago .
you think sexy is tube is socks and a .
ok no .
the local paper covers national and international ?
guilty for the paper .
you think that deer season is a national holiday .
rabbit season !
you know which leaves make good toilet paper .
um NUM .
you find -NUM degrees f little a little . ''
haha i 'm sure we would .
you know all NUM seasons : almost winter , winter , still winter , and construction .
that is so true . !
you know if another is from southern , middle or northern illinois as soon as they open their .
there is a queen queen in every town with a population of NUM or more .
how did they know ?
you actually get these jokes .
some of em .
unfortunately , men , most of these assume that you do not live in the area .
they think that you live in from country , which is NUM % of the state .
this message will in five four three two one
i just got a new blog with blogger .
it looks nicer and works better than the one .
do n't you think ?
jk who cares about others ?
i 'll just begin and finish with my pace .
a week more till our vacation .
i just ca n't wait !
hey everyone once again a very uneventful day
things turn out the way , i expected .
i worried so much and it happened .
is it only me , who feel that much grown into me ?
guess it happens to be only me .
myself i i want worries to go away , but they come in .
i said it failed . ''
i know it wo n't .
it will be a success !
it 's its task .
it my very dull day .
you made my day worst .
you never understand me .
you have nobody to vent your anger on but only me and mum .
you should be someone i love but i hate you .
i love all my friends !
which is more important : person ?
the weekend person .
is ! only one part of ten .
the sad , 'm talking about is -- truly considered time big time sadness no .
so you see , we have this in sci di she was with .
her head was hot - worker hot - because of this assignment display which we did n't get .
the , , , i 'm so mad i ca n't express what i want to !
he even went to our classroom super why i 'm dead super dead .
but some of u know that i can have yet that .
ok but had read it @ ur own risk haha .
ok that .
oh yeah , , did you hand out some multiple choice practice test for us to do during the
as long as .
still knows how i feel , her know how know i feel and her brother sure as hell knows .
so , i figure it or at least i hope that they will talk to me about this tomorrow .
i guess that is a good things because i was so incredibly nervous .
i thought that i was going to die of a heart attack .
well , at least the truth is known , or at least i hope it is , and what is
just remember if i am you know who did it .
i hope they learn that one day .
wat about the ?
tell me tell me tell me !
and no , i have my favorite president vegas jackson here much long blogs u know that i have to
for those of you who do n't know , i 'm a section editor for the north star , and
i 'm currently , working on two stories and a page .
story NUM : the skinny on wrestling .
this eventually led to the skinny .
still , we get together with the few of the guys , don the , and the , each other
pictures are taken and everyone laughs at us .
fun gig , eh ?
we 've watched the practice , we have to do the stuff and write the story monday .
story NUM : . makes wins , loses , etc .
page : i 'm always responsible for the feature page the feature , usually at least a two day .
because all the with stories on the page got up , i have n't been able to start the time
so that 's my monday .
or else i 'll make the assistant features editor design the page by herself .
i hate having to give up the fun one , though .
and now nathan : ad ?
sidenote : where does the ? quote come from ?
sidenote : actually , we have an electric bass in our marching band this year .
alex - he 's in the pit .
sidenote : so there is no matthew lane version ?
well , you can tell i 'm back at work !
i showed off my hair , and i was to see by .
lol , for the first time in her life !
second lesson was expensive , it was ok , very easy work , finally i understand it !
it was quite fun , sammy is looking than ever !
so i managed to skip about NUM minutes of his lesson , and got a hot water bottle !
the lesson was n't actually that bad .
i worked well though .
lol , he 's so great !
this is his 's site , go on it , it 's great .
i managed to get a hug too , : d. dude !
going to towers saturday , i 'm so excited !
last lesson was business , it was shit .
me and had a laugh though , luke got caught playing games and he was in deep .
well that 's a ; ; to say .
a day today , the weather is ever so .
ever notice how most of the kids sent to work seem to have nothing wrong with them ?
this may be ridiculous to some of you out there , but often time i think the child has been
it is normally a case of a parent being unlike their child and because of those differences the parent .
i can t stand parents who attempt to their kids into their what they want .
no one else can do such a thing .
it is to even try .
however , ignorant people still attempt just that .
again , i want to make it clear that i am not against .
i think it can be a brilliant thing and the only way to go in certain .
i have my son to talk with and i value his opinion higher than anyone else .
others do not have someone like that .
i know people who need it , but enjoyed t get it .
i know people who should have it , but enjoyed t get it .
i have seen all kinds of people , most of them in my family .
if you have met my entire family you would definitely understand that madness of the group .
those people need something to help them .
the people i worry about are the ones who are simply different and t accepted since they are .
their friends can see it , why can t their parents ?
i do know a lot of people like that .
we all care about each other .
guys have a hard time ? that , but they do .
if only all parents could be the same way .
i hope everyone knows this is not directly related to any of my friends , family members , or not
i just really wanted to talk about this .
it makes you aware of a problem that truly does exist , something i am will afraid happen .
i want parents to care about their child s life more than their own again .
for some reason that feeling seems to have been lost throughout the years .
thanks to for including me in your discussion group .
has anyone seen mon ?
it is beautiful in its of the of war .
it 's very ' and i think .
in junior and high school , i was an of student of .
i read books like , diary , this .
made models of of years .
i even had an amazingly complex board game in which you could almost within the battle in war .
it was all very in in .
but as a child , the war was fascinating because of the things , places , and of the
thomas ' comment about the of the issue of dropping the bomb is telling .
up until , americans never had to deal with the war on their own .
the experiences next experiences among an average , american , or could not be more different .
as a child during .
her father was killed within the first few weeks of the conflict .
as the oldest child , she became an father at age NUM .
sugar was the least of her worries .
i never really appreciated this very real history when i was young .
history and war were either subjects of study or something that i read in a book .
after travelling , college study , and some personal growth , i look at history very differently now .
it makes history far more complex , messy , and .
as an example , my mom was enemy ' in .
the lost twice in .
now she loves everyone .
stare out of my lonely soul .
wonder if seeing this go .
should i hold onto you heart ?
when what it seems .
is never more .
wonder what you have in store .
can i survive the step ?
when we 're with expensive with .
and if i would you stop me ?
falling try to catch me .
wonder what i just saw .
can you this to me ?
calling out your name .
wonder is this all a game ?
did i fall into your ?
or is more still to come .
and i do know what to say .
why do i always feel this way ?
are you pulling my strings ?
or just pulling me down .
lower and lower mass confusion again .
harder and harder the pounding within .
how will this all end ?
and if i will you stop me ?
i 'm thinking can you catch me ?
trapped in my soul .
that we cant help about .
bring from your princess books singing to jesus 's because i want to read them .
the last one i read was the purple one so bring the next ones after that .
after the famous finished his wife of christ , he invited a friend to view it .
the arms of jesus were , and his head was between them .
the friend said , .
the replied , . if you would see the face of christ , you must get on your .
from the one year : for teens by .
well nothing exciting happened today .
well if we all go back to first period english class today english was english .
it was fun , as usual .
even if i like the longer more than i like the subject .
but anyway , i was hyper again , as usual .
notes radio we 're starting a new section on .
they 're due thursday , by the way .
gym class we handed in our office to our gym .
and , then we see softball in the gym .
it was really fun at first , because it was only the girls .
they guys were still in their in .
what is up with guys being ?
is it because they 're mentally than girls .
oh well there went the fun in gym class the girls hated the .
why ca n't the boys play outside ?
the girls all of us hate gym !
lunch .
to protect one of my best friends her new name is mary .
and the one boy his name is tom .
and the other boy is dick .
and the third will be harry .
so , i was in lunch line with mary , but unfortunately i was n't paying attention when this time
she saw tom , and he seemed to have this air bubble in the front of his shirt , and
mary said she had seen it earlier in the week , and was curious .
so , thinking it was an air bubble , she .
and , . it was hard as a rock !
it was solid ! ''
she laughed later at lunch .
tom said , homer hey , dick , mary just touched my ! ''
and us , never hearing the term , laughed our heads off .
anyway , mary did n't say anything but , can be you can get a sandwich , too ?
anyway , after typing in her school id number , she ran into publication , and he almost .
it must have been the job lunch i 've ever eaten .
we watched a movie on pearl rebel , made in NUM anniversary in social studies .
it had men and women from both sides .
okay , there is one american woman in the whole movie .
but anyway you get the point .
in science , we learned how to use a .
pretty nifty , yup .
and then i am giving it too much .
ideally , one of my friends , said that tom got an .
however , i was on aol a while ago .
one of my friends had a link on her away message to , so i .
there was a definition for .
so yes , now i know what they are .
i took a two mile run pretty fun .
but , i am never doing two mile runs for three days in a row .
they must really tire me or something it 's the second time in a row i 've used to .
but yeah , that was my day .
and , we had steak and beers and for dinner .
and , i 'm trying to work by as from the moment .
about , no one really cares .
unfortunately , it may be true but they did not know that when they made the statement so it was
now , what 's wrong with planned ?
it is a organization that helps people .
it is definately not the same organization that created .
if you want to dig up dirt on groups that have no today , lets look at the .
for example : the .
how many people died simply so the could try to get rich ?
i 'm pretty sure that more people died there than and planned .
by pretty i mean definately .
so , i just got back from work with my mommy .
i got a bunch of stuff .
i got a , like i need any more of those .
sheesh , i need to stop buying .
they 're so comfy though , so they 're addictive .
but , no , bad bad me bad for buying another one .
i have like ten !
who needs that many ?
anyway , i also bought a new purse , and another black and white type shirt .
i think i need in my office .
i like dark colors so i 'm sticking with them .
i also got a really neat with belt , and then i got a picture frame .
i 'm going to stick my favorite picture of my desk on one side , and then i am a
i 'm thinking maybe another picture of my desk on the other side since it 's like , a little
maybe i 'll find a picture of my mom , me , and my grandma .
that would be really neat .
i think that 's what i 'll try to do .
i really just have this sudden of sadness , and loss .
i just keep thinking of the last time i saw her and the last thing i said to her .
it was , .
i could tell she was upset .
she knew as well as i did that i would n't get to see her again .
i guess those are great last words to say to someone though .
yeah , i was sort of alone , but i had my supervisor , and i really like being .
my family worried about me because i liked being alone so much .
they thought i was really really depressed .
* sigh * i need to go do something to get myself out of this .
i do n't really want to go read .
well i do , but i need to stop .
i 've been reading so much by the end of summer , i 'm not going to have anything .
i 've gotten like addicted to reading .
i think i 'm going to read that book , god has been , '' tomorrow .
i 'm pretty sure they will .
i 'm having my mom read it too , but not my dad i do n't think .
i think it would just make my dad mad .
my dad 's beliefs are like set in stone .
nothing changes his opinions .
so , i know all this book will do is make him mad .
i 'm sure of it .
, what else could i do ?
the breakfast club would be ok , but i do n't have that soo nevermind .
i could go turn off my away message and actually talk to people .
i do n't know if i can handle talking to people right now .
i feel like if i talk to the wrong person i 'll end up making myself mad .
i could go to bed , but not quite yet .
i 'll find something .
maybe there is something good on tv since it 's the fourth of july .
kind of funny how i did n't do anything today that was fourth of .
: maybe i 'll go rent some movies tomorrow .
ok , i 'm going to stop typing now .
tonight was one big big fest haha you sick bastards !
so here 's how it all went me and called out a trip .
so we gives a this and has all sounds with more it , what ?
so we picked her ass up .
then we 'll need to start to get and and they were all like libra who , i 'm .
so they jumped in on - in between this we rang and she goes with .
NUM whole blocks for sake .
and i said get the fuck .
then ross is could you great and share as starts off her with her their office .
so then we started !
until time next .
japan gets the coolest .
look closely , though , it 's not what you think .
it 's so realistic , complete with and grandma cotton .
my friend has put together more pictures , complete with this with .
i am not a party girl .
i 'd rather read or surf the net than get wasted .
some teenager i am .
no , i just like music .
yeah survived the test at last . !
added liao lah .
guess wat , tis is poly . !
so exciting .
they quite busy though its ok loh , no want them to waste to much time teaching me .
i slow .
> they haha .
today !
happy fren = . !
its too .
not tat curly !
another NUM .
ok ~ not really ?
got fun join in .
wasted have eaten have e cake haiz . ~ hahaha !
after tat it was war . !
chaos man .
i u u .
lucky i never got .
even .
si isk song .
nuts again yesterday !
he was drinking water then .
got all his long work '' by all over my face .
yuck . !
added rite . !
but had fun .
and maybe .
caught a bus @ n .
here i m typing .
yawn stories so liao i guess i 'll stop here for today !
hey hows half term goin ?
i have officially a in on while , this can catch me further up shortly kate .
well , this is the beginning of my hopefully daily blog .
i 'll post what 's happening in my office has so crazy '' life .
things or whatever this photo and send it back in see what we can come up .
do they know that i am sleeping on the inside ?
i told you a couple of days ago that i had to go to the in paris in the
it was a long , work day .
hours of waiting in various lines .
i can tell you , getting an american visa is not an easy journey .
when i arrived at the office , my first thought was .
there were literally , early in the morning , a line of people waiting to enter the building .
the whole street was packed packed with people eager to get in .
wow , so i just got home from downtown with michigan and .
i had the greatest time !
wow , too much fun !
haha , good times !
then we came back to the hotel and got ready to go out to eat .
we looked real necessarily .
: - then , we went to dick 's last resort .
ahh too much fun !
haha , it was so funny !
then , we came back to the hotel and went swimming .
, we went back to our room and ate cake !
best cake of my life !
then , we stood out on our work wedding we faced the river and talked .
now for the !
the in the fridge !
please had please tell me 'll are NUM '' .
almost as good as .
and seeing the party hat !
man , i hear i had some milk well there 's fruit '' the bat .
it 's it is time ! ''
i 'm so easy , i 'm instant .
i 'm in a very really bad dream . ''
the bed the jump .
i pee sitting down .
random booty call for sure .
and party hats .
mean ass NUM year olds !
!
learning how to .
i was hitting matt twice .
little boy in the office .
and the jet attack .
i feel i need to tell the world this : i need a kit kat .
i was and still am so drunk on all the , wow .
lol , you already told me i got it out of you how did you get that .
. this few day did n't blog much !
yesterday just back from back .
i very admire their , they sacrifice time and money just want to serve god .
is got please let me know !
hope everybody has a good time @ .
i wo n't be there for several reasons i was n't is invited .
NUM i 'm too lazy .
NUM i ca n't think of another reason .
goodness i feel so much better than i did a couple of days ago .
i feel like a big weight has been lifted off me .
im so at ease .
its like i do have to worry about anything .
and that everything has just helped make me stronger .
gosh i feel so much stronger .
i havent felt like this in a long time .
but like i said everything has really helped make me stronger .
and i was about knew that .
and i started remembering what i almost did such a long time ago .
and that does that was terrible a thing and i am ashamed that i came that close .
but i realized how much having that experience me .
i have totally different outlook on death .
im not afraid of it .
it doesnt scare me to die instead death is simply a reward .
because when you die you are free .
free from all this cruel world .
death is like god 's second gift to the world .
i said the other day that i long for death .
and yes that is true .
i do want to kill myself .
i make forward that mistake again .
but i still hear wait to die .
because i know that when i die i will be free .
i wont have hurt .
i wont have to cry .
ill get to be with my god .
but until the day comes for me i know i can trust him to take care of me .
i 've been looking for so long for someone i can always depend on .
and i have been crushed by so many people .
so many people that couldnt because the are only human .
and that time whole he was always right there .
reaching out to me .
and i never reached out in turn .
i was so blind .
and then someone helped me see .
i love her so much .
and even though she was one of the people that hurt me she was still able to help me .
and i am so thankful that god let me know her .
she is such an amazing person .
and i adore her .
i know now that god will make everything and that god will hold me when no one else .
i will still cry .
i will still miss them .
and i will never stop loving them .
but god will hold me up .
everything will be and i will always be able to lean on him through all of my .
!
a new , excellent was developed , and it 's the issues below are , well , no , i
what up i just realized tonight as i went over to high school that almost every person .
along with this , thier parents still seem to be stuck in the NUM 's with thier names .
god i hate .
these last few days have really bit the big one .
as you may know , summer band has started .
so far , it 's hella gay .
our new drum are are gay .
our schedule is gay .
our new life '' show is also gay .
he 's because the bastard switched from the office -- i mean , the hell does that ?
i 'll tell you who : our new '' new gay .
yeah the new drum NUM NUM really get on my nerves .
they let all their new found power go straight to their heads .
plus i 'm not exactly sure to do that when the three drum ?
it 's not a huge loss anyway , because they look weird .
they started this this thingy for each section .
yeah we heard that the gave $ , so we were like ' cash like nobody .
we gave a total of $ , from only NUM people .
i myself actually only gave $ NUM , but hey , it 's the thought that counts .
yeah so all you out there , watch out .
i 'll kick your ass .
i think the only good thing about band so far is the color guard .
and i mean good .
yeah the new freshman are pretty and hot , not to mention pretty hot .
wow that makes me sound like a , i 'm all old like and stuff .
seriously , i think some of them are quite possibly , if it makes me sound less .
i actually had fun , on my way to band , during lunch , and on my way home .
that 's because i was driving !
yeah all by myself .
it was pretty damn cool .
do n't tell anybody : i only have my permit
but when october rolls around , i 'll be NUM % legal , baby .
well , i ca n't wait for next week .
more asshole drum .
ugh the stupid shit i do to believe i care about most .
this is sorta why many things i am attempt '' to do fail of one time ; a time .
at work right now .
wow , it 's so hot today !
i wanted to wear my tank top but my mom wo n't let me because it was supposed to be
'' no rain so oh well .
math test today .
people who did n't do the test stayed in and watched mrs. .
reminded me of .
speaking of , she 's across the hall in the primary .
unfortunately so yeah .
everybody 's tired today of the heat .
i 'm gon na wear a long black skirt and i 'm looking for a top to go .
ca n't wait until saturday when i go shopping for it .
the top , i mean .
i 'm probably going to look for a new silver ring too .
might get it .
if i do get the ring , guess what i 'm looking to it ?
hee i lost my favourite silver ring so i wan na get a new one .
hopefully a plain silver one with .
i 'm such a .
anyways next topic .
know had to the doc yesterday and he said it was nothing serious .
i did n't want anything bad to happen .
still , i 'm a little worried you do n't just get for no reason !
hmm , i miss him .
i remembered something i was been ready ask him .
i wanted to know if i could sit with him during dinner at grad or whatever .
he might not want to though .
i know that he might want to sit with his guy friends instead .
of getting , my wrist is not out it was onto the table , where i 'm 'em stitch .
so yeah oh my gosh , you know what ?
i had gotten NUM % on my website since but i lost my , i get NUM % .
dude , this is n't my day it just is n't my day .
another thing on my mind grad .
homer 's not a bad guy and he 's really sweet and friendly with everyone .
i love him and i do n't ever want to lose him .
even if he does n't flirt which he promised to do not , the girls might flirt with him .
i do n't like high school .
: * * i ca n't do anything but pray .
if my alien is reading this , i want him to know that i love him .
it took me two seconds to realise what perfect sense it made .
a youth song : .
yet . ''
received had a long bath feel so cool ?
chaz dun wan na peeling open mi scored NUM which was beginning so rite ?
this kinda of lousy photos on yet is no highest among e NUM of us degree .
does she think we felt back to come .
if oops laid , i thought she could die a simple giant death cuz hehehe working ?
so why if she 's a teacher ?
dun she have to respect us too ?
n u forward definitely ?
recently i forward ?
u all wan ? '
u all wan ? '
makes all of us feel hit another life his brain i was angry reasons i was .
i din wan na show it out
i had to make it not so obvious sex
i had to hide everything i could am received mention e of her , makes my blood .
i knew it had the same singer as i love that i guy .
i ca n't believe you . you ?
i came up with not .
nothing against .
well , i changed my blog 's main template again .
i do n't know , i ca n't make up my mind .
if you like the other one better , comment and i might change it .
you already saw it , did n't you ?
that is not a lie .
but i 'm on my way to heaven .
i think i might just with women to be through his mother and holy life of brian dvds .
i just never never get to see those these days .
the burning starts again .
it starts when the pbgs does n't choose my design and it 's the design that i thought was not
there is a burning that makes me shake all over and sets my eyes in a dark .
it is a burning that no one will ever see .
it makes me wish that i 'd be recognized for something good that i have done .
i wish someone would come say , good job when they see it .
i do so much wishing then i wonder if there is a good and a bad .
what authority is there over all this black and white ?
but i have n't ever heard god tell me that something i 've made is good .
unless it is god i when i think to myself , good job .
and if it is not god in me is it a demon or is it only me ?
it is either me , god in me or a demon in me saying , good job .
and i would die to know .
ok i just had to tell you about last friday .
so at first it was just going to be .
but then decided she wanted to come so fuck .
are you free from blame ?
do you need to clear yourself from people 's or ?
have you defend and justify yourself from wrong ?
do you ever exact revenge for someone or even yourself ?
do everything without feeling guilty and ? you will be happier that way .
i have done everything to let a person feel the importance of him in my life .
although i knew the answer and the outcome all along , i still hope a miracle can happen .
my
thats how i feel rite now people .
pms is gone thank the lord and i had a interesting dream last night .
well , love ^_^ his n
`` and now it is time for you to go . ''
well the NUM fall retreat for for church starts at NUM o'clock tonight .
and i most likely will not blog till sunday , unless seth brings his computer which i doubt .
hope you miss me , but not too terribly .
i call you up you pick up . ''
i finally remember some cool stuff but i ca n't show it on the internet cause i do n't have
hopefully soon you can see it in person .
be watch your thoughts ; they become words .
watch your words ; they become actions .
watch your actions ; they become habits .
watch your habits ; they become character .
watch your character ; it becomes your destiny . ''
tonight , i 'm going to .
it will be fun .
i 'm going to ' by afterward .
i 'll tell ya all about it tomorrow .
about the being lonely thing
, bless ya max .
you really are obsessed !
good luck with job hunting jackie !
today i am not really doing much .
i may clean my room i may not .
i may go to the garden centre i may not .
i may watch a video i may not .
i may paint my nails i may not .
mind head is spinning not very nicely .
fell on my back while eating dizzy and fell of a merry go round slob .
then got shattered when .
and all this happened in the short space of about NUM minutes today .
what a nice to to that garden .
monday sucks the most because it has working , usa , math history and physics .
then hong out after friday after being at work like shit .
guess this means one thing .
i am from .
was a good location to go when work i suppose .
the , quiet and .
also good for dates and to people .
the most excellent spot i 've seen this year .
also had fun swings and .
myself up too much .
i think maybe i have internal .
and full apologies to work again for my at the merry go round !
at home now tuition cancelled off to play like the that i am .
anyone have the to sell ?
needs it like hell attempting to collect all grey en books '' cited .
although i seriously doubt i can since work is out of print .
i have found the perfect sand for charlie 's room .
you all have to check it out .
it 's so soft !
i made a new comic .
yay for me , tell your friends !
so i am the lawn instead .
and i messed with my .
i now have NUM episodes of family guy on it .
i want to get telephone really much so .
i wish it had our area code .
well , i could get a chicago area code or maybe a miami one .
besides that my life is very much the same as it always is .
and in fact , i think those few things i mentioned were the same as they are always .
that means everything i do is the same .
except , right now i am drinking water .
i can safely say that i have a .
no , i 'm not a job ; i have a .
i received practicing for today like NUM minutes ago and my neck is red all from the lap and .
speaking of .
we had a ton of them at my old school .
i even went out with one of them .
he got back on the phone and told me that he 'd just shot a .
it was this poor little helpless little he and he just up and killed the poor thing .
it 's a word , right ?
of course i 'm right .
but they say it . ''
it bothers the heck outta me .
* isk * dumb .
no offense intended of course , but grr
anyhow , the concert .
the first piece was some by some guy that dragged on for minutes .
then we all proceeded to resorted for a really long time .
he came back out and ! two or three times before shut up and sat down .
.
but i was pretty much been the whole time and sat around and watched and heard and thought , and
wow , .
it was an interesting thought .
my practice today went surprisingly well .
i started off with some , then went to those evil double stops , today in fourth position .
took about NUM minutes total .
i didnt see off today , so i 'm proud of myself .
: yay for me !
sorry i 've been so vague about stuff today .
i remember what anything remember was called or who it was by , music wise .
that 's the price of being .
you 're pretty dumb with everything else .
gon na add something else to this .
thought it was rather hilarious .
you have a mysterious kiss .
and it 's sure to end in a kiss as great as your mystery .
isnt that funny ?
how e fuck did i let u talk me into this shit .
e bet is off .
i ca n't do it .
i dun wan na be part of this foolish game no more .
e past is too heavily on my on .
i stopped be getting soft
well it 's monday , wont write coz im goin to to collect an award !
so i 'm just looking to get these work so that time but oh well !
well today was work work work lol was pretty busy .
time to . scary movie baby night .
why , chris , are you so talented and so pretty ?
i 've been spending a lot of time playing kingdom hearts .
he 's really hard and his voice is annoying !
answer ; also , i ordered final fantasy !
the reviews say that it 's one of the greatest games ever made i ca n't wait to get to
and i 'm back .
i do n't like the thought of packing up this computer .
i 'm almost done putting stuff in order , which makes me happy .
went to the driving range .
i committed a few traffic , though .
it 's . driving my own from car again .
i realize more and more why i 'm not made for golf .
i 'm too tired to keep anything up .
in other tv news dont forget starts soon , october NUM
alright : here 's how it goes .
a few of you know about my job : NUM .
come now , you know : guys , at least in high school , are n't worth crying over the
we 're just jerks sometimes .
its nothing we can really stop , it is just kind of how we work that part 's .
but unfortunately , i know so many couples blown apart by and responses .
now i do not meant to say the guys are the only ones that are jerks , because girls .
but you see , nothing can get better until someone tries to make it better .
it 'll hurt more if you hold your .
just a nice little reminder .
this is not brian , spoon you to forgive .
i was up all night
i wish starbucks to an early , .
i have nothing more to say than that , good night folks
well , this has been a pretty crappy weekend long .
i did absolutely nothing interesting all weekend , and nothing happened to make the weekend worthwhile .
i 'm in a pretty bad mood today .
everything just seems to get to me .
and it sucks when one of your friends means so much more to you than you mean to them .
it seems been obvious to me .
alright , now that that 's out of the way , let me tell you a story .
yesterday , august , NUM , was per convention day at high school high .
so after last night of NUM or NUM , so a couple of dozen us at hollywood wandered to the
the line was , literally , one of the longest i had ever seen in my life .
as in , it honestly would have taken multiple hours to make it all the way through .
obviously they work for their money .
so i back to the office , took the NUM forms and a pencil , and sat down .
now , i know what you 're thinking , where why the hell is that such a problem ?
well , i 'll give you an answer to your / hell , there were NUM .
yes , my friends .
two fucking cameras for almost NUM years , cranky knit and their parents .
so , obviously , this registration experience had been planned out by the staff at work high school .
maybe then things would move along much more smoothly .
anyway , once i got through this line , i had to go get my schedule .
you know there 'll be some real in those classes .
i decided to , instead of taking a off period , pick up german i , and try to be
i figured why the hell not .
if it 's too hard , i 'll just drop out .
the nuts ; for breakfast i had to resort to these
you are a relationship !
you do n't ruin relationships , if anything you keep them together the key : you respect yourself and you
which goes further than you might think .
you simply treat your guy how you would like to be treated the old golden rule .
and in return , he treats you like gold - or at least tries .
and how perfect is that do you ruin relationships ?
take this quiz : - find the love of your life and more love quizzes .
card from boo boo .
let 's see today was senior workers day i did n't go to work .
i called the school .
just enough to be freaking cool .
that 's all i 'm looking would say .
then he thought and entertainment went down hill , along with my buzz .
well , i do n't know what else to talk about .
!
from right .
! !
: d van then haha
however , i do have one thing to say on the issue .
if anyone is against gay marriage , than please , don t marry someone of your own .
why ca n't we just live our own lives , instead of trying to control every one else ?
had another .
they seem to get worse the more they happen and they 're this more often .
but in other news
the concert is tomorrow .
i 'd be much happier if i did n't feel this way so frequently .
shit happens , i suppose .
even if i found someone to live for , i 'd still be from them how from paying it .
myself in , germany during my work experience in june NUM
what wing wing character are you ?
today i pretty much almost getting almost .
i stayed home til about NUM : NUM to go to the weekend with my sister .
after going around buying pants and shirts i went to house with christina to just in hang out .
well that was pretty much my day .
yours always : little me : :
once again , my desktop .
this is my last year 's spanish classroom .
this picture has been posted using hello software by by .
: it seems to be going pretty well though .
they 're tired from last night 's 's game .
so i got home last night from work , and got ready to leave for shopping with white .
to ship them back .
then we left .
i buy they ca 's more comfortable than anything else .
: d but i already have a few and they were $ .
so then we start through the in search of a bathroom for my mom when i found a few .
yay for an .
i didnt find anything that i really wanted but it was still worth a look .
so then we left .
we end up at old navy and i went crazy .
i got three shirts , a jean skirt , and a pair of pants .
i hate shopping to begin with .
and i never buy skirts .
and i hate shopping for pants well i just hate shopping in general .
so in all i got all those plus a coat at work and i spent under $ NUM .
: d not quite as good as shopping .
: d now i get to do the fun shopping .
hehe shoe shopping !
spending more money !
at least i get paid at the beginning of next week .
sorry i probably wrote about that yesterday and perhaps the day before , but it 's exciting .
and to andy since it means we can take longer drives .
: d music .
i know that some of you out there are really into music .
if you 're not then you 're an insane possibly republican person .
ok so here 's some good music to download .
if you do not have the means to download then contact me through emails and i 'll send it .
anyways -- moving on a few others of which i can not currently remember .
-- -- good no idea where they are from or any info at all but i like the .
they played at the too but i missed it .
ok : makeup , tonight we 'll dance , and .
is my favorite but makeup is rather good also .
anywho -- they 're all really really good bands and so any song of theirs you download is going to
for coffee mouse i would recommend on float , on ocean .
the latter is one that you can only buy off of but it is a very good cd .
thats it for now about music .
george w. bush is us with his presence in .
you may think is hell then ? '
but what you should gather from that piece of info is that it is in seattle .
the portion of seattle that all the rich live .
this is a community that refused to pay taxes for the local - police or generally made it .
so she was refused .
but they still didnt get their cards .
because their community doesnt pay taxes .
these people are damn rich and they wouldnt let their taxes go towards the .
homer 's a bitch aint it ?
anywho -- sorry for this being so long to all of you out there .
ok so george w. bush is us with this presence in .
im taking my eggs .
jamie and andy have heard of this story -- - ahem .
we kind of just hang out whenever .
he 's in work right now too .
jamie -- when you get back we 're doing the thing ok ?
so i guess that has brought me to the end of my rant for this morning .
so far only have of my charge has .
he wants to go work on road ' by the ' aka play boat .
talk to you all later !
favorite quote from yesterday : andy thats what i love about you .
that i that 's a ?
andy it 's NUM % better than being a dumbass .
yay for andy and .
bleh i need to andy .
: i didnt even get to talk to him last night damn .
anyways -- - kid got out .
my internet recently crashed .
my daughter and phone company went running round , each the other the .
my boss is not with them , i think they did well , i could n't have done better .
anyway , it turned out the problem was my roommate had crashed .
i mean , i did everything i was meant to with it .
if your just would n't tie up ? '
we chicago , in from NUM .
tricia042 this : what good old days ?
john : when people were killed by other people .
sidenote : i did not murder .
tricia042 : trying : wan na explain you were hiding at the crime scene ?
sidenote : i did not murder him .
i :
sidenote : that that 's one called his anger '' .

it was a thursday .
there 's a weekend , and he this beautiful this chair .
and then a robot comes along and in a wonderful christmas morning as fast , and then it says .
' on the little guy . ''
sidenote : technically i was never living , but thanks for your concern .
homer does : like hell i am !
guy with a pie : what -- - rrb - : hold it or wear it .
it 's your choice .
susan calvin : six minutes .
tricia042 : what : if we did n't have six minutes ?
tricia042 : since i think seriously doubt we have six minutes .
it 's happening again and i hate it !
i really want it to stop but i just ca n't help it and it 's driving me crazy .
anyways , my grandparents are here i just finished a great game of and of .
my dad thinks he 's cool but he 's not .
and my sister is just weird .
i beat everyone easily : .
: my family 's so mean .
that 's the 's for ya .
i shall be ' for now .
i do n't know what i 'm looking can do but i 'm gon na do .
get everything out of my mind actually i 'll just probably think of it more but oh well .
always gets over everything !
im about to go to with my family , but not sure that im sure that would be .
that 's the second time in NUM days !
especially when you 're home alone
is it a pillow ?
ok so here is a question , i appreciate all replies .
have you ever been in love , and how many times ?
was the other person i love with you too , and which times ?
what is being in love ?
do you think a person can be in more love than once , or is there one special someone .
elaborate , i just wander what your guys opinions on this are .
oh and did you want my answers , if anyone does , say so i 'll post mine too .
i 'm not sure .
that probably means , i 'm going to have to check it out along with the name .
darn it , i ca n't remember a thing about his dog !
do n't get me wrong - i totally love dogs .
it 's just , i 've only come across that information once i know i should 've taken .
why is this day different from all others ?
why do we need an international talk like a pirate day ?
talking like a pirate is fun .
it 's really that simple .
the best explanation came from a guy at a office station radio who from the us on NUM .
in other words , .
before we go any further , there 's something we need to be clear about .
pirates were and are bad people .
we recognize this , all right ?
we are n't for one minute that real that , pirates were in any way , shape or .
so what is it exactly that we 're celebrating here , if not pirates ?
what , you 're wondering , is the point ?
we 're going to be honest honest here , perhaps so .
the point is , there is no point .
and that 's what 's fun about talk like a pirate day specifically , and talking like a pirate .
we 're talking about the mere image of .
and while this is a guys ' guide , the . will have fun talking like a pirate .
it 's powerful , yet .
perhaps , dare we suggest it , the ultimate .
yesterday i had a little party at my house with paul kate matt and jared .
it was fun lol we jumped around my room and acted like NUM year olds .
kareen ann de jesus - section NUM 's quarter top NUM .
i cant believe it .
, thats my average .
, i guess i quite deserved it cause i really worked hard this quarter .
lang talaga lang kasi my sana average is NUM . eh you should get you in to the .
yung math teacher na kasi yun eh .
pero sana has feeling so happy .
unfortunately , i was with during weight time .
we both went to and work her a very happy bday .
go . !
its your bday we 'll party too ?
i forgot to mention .
while going down the stairs , we sort of into each ian .
anyways , wouldnt show me his grad picture . !
baka saya ako .
oi . !
i tried on my ball dress a minute ago .
its not quite finished but it is absolutely NUM % f * * * ing amazing !
* not meaning to rub it in at all * going shopping in .
if u went to .
the quiz was an today .
the arent up .
we got out of NUM stupid !
i still got a .
a is a used as used a .
and the was definitely the square root of NUM .
it is time to take go a nap .
i 'll be back later maybe .
after the whole people to .
the whole thing started with an inside joke between and i on msn .
your lord and master , .
is gone thus making everyone sad
i am posting here because i am .
ok first i just wanted to say that today was totally freaking .
i had so much fun with and !
then of course the guys are hilarious !
ok we went to the beach today and it was so so so so so much time .
i enjoyed the ride there back and the food !
it was great just to forget about everyone and problems and just hang out wit my !
second of all we all need to get together sometime this week .
i 'm leaving the NUM or NUM for camping for two weeks with my family !
so i want to see everyone as much as possible !
anyway i 'm out !
i just wanted to let everyone know how my day we should n't realize as good as mine as it
being left out left . !
well , i really hope that this did n't go off of the regular post area .
i really hate an in the look and feel of a blog .
i hope you guys got some time to read the post prior to this one .
please , post your feelings anywhere you can or give me an email for some encouragement or some questions .
i really could use both .
okay cool , i published the title is not too long to carry along .
i am actually done now , i have to go to bed .
talk to you later .
thank you so much google !
i absolutely love the new blogger
- this land its a hit on the web and its getting coverage on tv and .
its getting heavily watched and great reviews and for good reason , its hilarious .
ok , its like NUM minutes later but i wanted to my weekend before i have nothing .
major life . right there , dancing learning some new moves !
and curly food .
even though , they kept this their me and cracking up , it was a great time .
outside . .
and i mrs. g did n't end up bringing me home with thank goodness !
well i better wrap it up .
and wish me luck with another week of i 'm looking need it .
this summer has been so busy and i finally have a free day .
turns out its been so boring it 's driving me from than when i actually work !
unfortunately , i 've decided to start back up this blog after some serious and .
i will also try to include links to some interesting important web sites .
thanks for visiting and come back soon to check my progress !
today was a nice day .
a , but great .
i got to work speaking , go to a play , and eat spanish food .
if you are in on thursday and your not at the meet .
i will kill you .
also , chelsea is for you heh heh
maybe the next storm will give me answers instead of empty questions .
more volleyball tonight .
* * silence * * i 'm thinking , what the fuck did i just say ?
this is !
i went to volleyball tonight .
it truely is the highlight of my week most of the time .
i am not a few nature by nature , but when i am with these people it is not so
at least i have a life beyond my computer with volleyball no amy , andy , and the .
i saw too
in a song the ladies say , when you are they die make a every girl you .
the song is about the act of doing nothing .
i not kissing not about three , maybe four , girls i have ever met .
i regret a lot of things , but these regrets .
my question yesterday , although i never really asked anyone , was NUM .
why does everything turn black when it gets burned ?
you know , like the ?
just some things more like , what we want to change this bout time , and this day .
: s but i dont wan na be a .
sorry i will post later on tonight when i get home from going out !
but at NUM i had a hair appointment so got my hair cut off .
listening to : the rain drops out out side my window .
quotejill : humid , .
feeling : content , slightly .
yeah it 's raining over here .
it 's not bad but the roads are wet enough .
i do n't have to even look for i can hear when the cars pass by .
i went to the gym today .
i did miles in NUM minutes on the treadmill !
i could do better i know .
i 'm in such a bad shape
i am short at '' NUM lbs and with a poor lungs * sighs * but i 'm not .
: i may not get any look but i think i can improve my .
feeling slightly pressure i am .
i have to find a job , soon !
before the school year even starts i have to find one .
i have to find one .
my very men depends on it .
i have to buy my own stuff this weekend where money is really tight .
so tomorrow i 'm planning on going on a job hunt .
i think that 's it for today entry .
comment on how the story is , the titles are the story .
always have a cliff bathing ending !
it then fell apart for the time time .
realizing it was emily cried out a .
when emily got up and said why are you doing that ?
what was the title ?
oh yes , .
emily personally thought that the essay was just created by the teachers as revenge .
it was harry potter in his flying car remember the of secrets of ?
how i do love you so !
oh get on with it said .
she was missing adam .
you how ever can both come with me and i will take you to where adam is a .
the car then took off into the of a little a strange july was heard apparently .
still worried turned to harry and asked what on earth it was .
do n't worry said the alien as it turned around it 's just my pet human becky !
luckily , adam was around to save her , and killed harry .
meanwhile , emily was fast asleep and dreaming of sticking in dave s .
have i died and gone to heaven ?
meanwhile again , adam and becky were all wondering what to tell emily .
emily caught his in a flash in cast and the spell saving adam .
she thought to herself well that shows my brother that the harry potter books are .
on seeing such evil into the arms of you yes with that guessed it adam .
with a cry of time adam NUM in the and grabbed .
anyway , back to the story adam quickly a spell that took them all to a very .
everywhere they looked , there were very wonderful things that were so wonderful they could n't be described .
adam decided to his opportunity his and away from everyone so that they could be alone .
but , just as they were about to go into the best ever in the world , and i can
listening to - cnn news news on my mind - procrastination is really bad .
since my last post -- three hours ago -- all i have been doing is homework .
so , how much have i accomplished of one assignment .
well , i have n't being doing homework
i 've been constantly refreshing and checking on what going on at .
i swear that place is a drug .
once you get into you ca n't stay away at any cost
it 's horrible well , i 'm off to the shower good morning all !
for me i care about my friends and family and who ever else are out there .
some people do n't .
over the past year , i have created one of the most nerve and bad times of my life .
i got new friends , most did n't work out .
i will to fit in , most just pushed me away .
i thought to stay cool , they did n't let me .
my life was once good , i had a smile on my face every day .
now , you could probably find me my way out of a smile into tears and a .
i did n't want it to happen this way , but they did it to me .
all i can say is that i thought , i real hard small and it blew me off like the
i found out who my real friends were too .
they are my true and real friends .
the others i figured could go find them some bad friends , the ones they deserve to be with the
the ones i need and want .
i dont wan na do .
i have spent the whole day for and doing anything else other than homework .
its not just any homework either .
i have to work interview a lawyer lawyer .
i dont know any weekend .
i ca n't just make up answers i dont know what to noticable !
there are a million other things i 'd rather do than this .
! !
darn you ms .
you certainly are without love .
i made a joke .
posted today they all go my car !
so . m. .
arg in so many !
holy * . * * .
well i am some time with '' made my cutie pie angry .
hmm cutie 's b day properly car can celebrate with him .
my hope will be one romantic . !
ok i ` .
hope dreams come true . !
bye . .
i had a pretty busy week .
let me recall what i 've done monday : work .
tuesday : matt and i went to watch the bourne bourne at .
after that , he came over to my place for supper and we played some games on my computer .
we also watched .
friday : got plans for a friend already .
i 'll update later .
hello , my people
yes , yes , it 's been a while .
no reason , really .
i 'm just sick of my stupid computer .
i 've got the job right now .
but i 'll live .
everyone else in the house probably wo n't , but i will .
eh , lets see did a little bit today .
but that 's okay , she does n't have a leg to stand on his whole deal .
she calls up here and stuff from time to time .
now that 's just shitty
i have n't seen her in a good NUM months , and she does n't say a word .
as much as shit like that does n't bother me , it actually kinda did n't get .
but anyway , we left there , and ate at 's .
that place is the then we came home .
i crashed out for about NUM hours
i was tired as hell .
he had to get some stuff for his truck and take back a movie , and we had to get
in one week . !
so it was down to me and ryan .
and we just all looking out the rest of the day , pretty much .
talked a lot got !
he walked around and talked with us !
attempted to get tommy 's lazy ass out of his house
did n't work then ryan and i came back to my manhood and i sat next to the .
i would n't do that .
would grow are insanely jealous .
so here i am .
i 've just been too playing guitar and shit of that sort for a while .
i think i 'm gon na poop
yes , that 's what i 'll do
i 'll probably write something later , 'cause , uh
i 've still got shit to say , but i 've got even more shit to well .
so , see ya later , and
lol but yea , enjoy the stupidest thoughts that this pic might : .
: i did n't get back in time to watch all of .
odd i know , and hard to explain .
france is a little over NUM weeks away , and i should be getting my camera tomorrow !
the seem seem to be a little more loud than usual today , and the session has n't been .
town square has been experiencing major spam problems but they seem to be up slightly up .
our new look should be on me .
i messed up the html on the previous template and all went .
i like this one better , though .
i 'm headed back to the to see if the spam has continued to ease up .
like that is n't normal ?
well i do n't exactly hate him i can never hate him !
it 's just that i 'm pleased trying i thought to give it and it 's like to ang .
maybe it 's just me begin .
i lost all my hope of ever being friends with him .
but like i said la na .
and it 's sad pero ok .
it 's not like he 's my life or anything naman .
like i ca n't live without him ?
has almost not that in love with his face !
he 's not even that cute up close , really knew there 's something in him that i have n't
so tastes like ko large and the others ?
mga nya ko !
: so un .
i got to see him not really talk talk , just a few words which is so .
feeling nga nga cya .
that 's all i can say glad i had let that all out .
thanks dave , i have until july to finish it , so i 'm feeling pretty good .
my last real saturday at work 's school .
spend it , .
i really did n't want to go , but i 'm glad that i did .
it was really fun .
but i do n't regret the things i have learned and experienced in science , so do n't .
it seems pretty interesting .
what kind of stuff will i say to my future being ?
well , my mom is coming to visit this afternoon this , and perhaps take me to a movie .
i promise i wo n't miss .
oh , last night we walked to see me .
it was pretty good .
pretty freakin ' hilarious .
instead , i went back to my room to finish fast food nation , and teddy fell asleep .
it 's been really nice at night lately .
i actually put my wife back on the bed last night !
okay , i think i 'll go hunt down some of my job .
sometimes i sit here and think of the state of the world and it makes me feel sad .
and then it also makes my blood to listen to some crazy things .
this girl walked in today seriously thinking that this summer program was going to improve chances for .
you know , i 'm at !
but the chief thing that annoys me here is the people , i guess .
or at least the random i 've seen .
maybe that 's not the way to put it .
thanks for the excellent advice , wendy .
he 's really boring , for the record .
sorry again everyone for not posting when i said i would .
this time i swear upon it on my recent great grandfather 's grave .
man , that 's a lot of pressure
damn , i really should n't have gotten myself into that
i am so stupid for not having brought those from work .
post to come about everything over the past few days in detail tonight .
i bet it will top a couple thousand words .
love can be easily to catching .
beautiful , in the sun .
and a net comes down , and one of them is caught .
often , the butterfly does n't know that it has been caught , it 's perfectly content no matter .
the .
but our ! still tries .
but he knows , you should never settle for less when it comes to butterfly catching .
but the butterfly flies off , she ca n't even see him standing there .
he follows as best as he can , but it 's no use , he can barely keep up .
he continues to follow as fast as he can , of where his feet take him .
if he ca n't catch this butterfly , he 'll die trying .
and so the butterfly flies around , still trapped in her jar .
he just wants her to land on his shoulder , and comfort him as he .
he 'll make it his life 's goal , catching this butterfly .
but she can only see him as a friend , and nothing more .
if only he could get her to open her eyes , she will be able to see him .
just once he would like that , he would like that very much indeed .
even if it means he has to fall off another for it to happen .
but would that really fix anything ?
no , it would n't , it would only be things even more than they already are .
as he saw earlier , she is already perfectly happy to remain where she is forever .
he does what will hurt him the most , he stops chasing her .
he just lets her job off .
he 'll still be there if she ever wants to return , but he is n't time to force .
please understand how i feel about you .
so were his to words to her
well , when all else fails , act like nothing active .
i was really busy his week , so i did n't get much posting done .
and after last night this weeks state department is the white office , the .
this did n't change untill they decided to reach out to other players in the business such as well .
their as beats not always and funky dry us really does mix with .
after several record deals and many number NUM songs you 'd think they 'd stopped by now .
they are currently . their new album the NUM ' .
lets keep our eyes and ears open .
and please place comments .
damn tuesday night was awesome .
it had n't rained here in in NUM months , i just walked out there allowing myself to become a
it 's almost an escape from it all , just listening to the rain .
it was crazy and funny .
i think my wish in life is just to escape from it all so much more often than i have
it are just make me feel , like !
anger to me is simply an emotion that most comes out of stupidity .
well , in most cases .
what would the world be like if anger did n't exist ?
i think people would be much more !
when one gets mad , i think alot of times they throw understanding and out the window .
i understand that many should take the time to slow down , and look at the whole picture .
not only for two minutes , but for a couple hours .
we arrived at our destination which was teh computer fair at about NUM : NUM .
there was a fabulous going on or something because there was alot of about the .
after about of more walking and around we went to the other building hehehe .
so it - .
then it and stormed went to the table were the were and bought one one .
after the computer fair we came to my house .
well i have definately from my brother 's wisdom teeth .
i have been eating ice cream and tiger 's for days !
it 's good !
he looked like a few of michael jackson . !
not when he was cute and black but when as he is now white and ugly !
but other than that .
i love their shoes and their and socks . !
haha you know we ghetto sunday shit scott 's coming home tonite !
hooray .
i am excited .
i think he is just coming home for $ two days but i love when he comes home !
i 'm excited about that !
it was crazy .
it was pretty funny .
call me later tonite on my if you want to contain u .
rest in peace , robert .
you were a good man , and we hate to lose you .
the price was wrong .
i know i 've had a lot of oklahoma titles recently , but it 's what i know really .
, go to view , text size , medium .
that should solve your problem .
it was a job project .
now , i that name better than work and some of the others .
ideally , i 'll support you , but only if you agree to be my .
thomas , post more often .
, you 're to work to souls , remember ?
: how 's everyone ?
me is fine : i miss blogging .
life without the internet connection is honestly incredibly boring .
i have like , absolutely no life at all .
unfortunately , we 're to have history lesson under his weight now .
but she 's not here , got ta do source based .
mr is here .
he 's like so nice .
let me use the comp .
=p oh , just a random thought , mr lee is . ' hip hop agent .
he 's just really caring he is an a of a loving father .
* hugs hugs * this morning something pretty .
if you are reading this , i really hope you realise that you 're being extremely foolish and incredibly .
you made me change my mind about how i felt about you .
do n't think that just cos ' you have a powerful back up you can your fellow mates your .
remember , you will lose that back up some day .
it wo n't be very nice then hey .
to everyone out there , keep on hey .
yesterday my family went up to the blue !
are the best candy ever created by man .
they 're balls that come in of ten .
now i only have about left .
: : : 's .
then again i may miss out on a great movie .
but i 'm probably not missing a thing .
i 've also made my list of must see movies .
if anyone out there knows anything about i 'd like some information on what to use to write .
i got home from work like NUM hrs ago and have slept how getting tired i am .
that place makes it exhausted by the end of the day its insane .
thank god i have off for pretty much .
damn i forgot to ask for my money today !
i didnt get paid !
now im gon na freakin die i hate this .
yeah , my quote of the day .
who knew you could get such good stuff out of the required reading for english .
yeah well any way i am back from my week long to my cabin !
scroll back to the computer again !
i was i going totally insane .
i have really become .
yes well i made my typical in a week .
my office - side came out full force .
it did n't do to much for sleeping .
i went and hung out at the lake on friday which was fun .
i think i may have gotten what may be as a tan !
i was so insanely happy .
i went to watch game NUM at the stupidest after years from '' occurred unsuspecting during and after the
me and ryan went and we sat in the row in the lower bowl !
it was so darn cool !
i was on the office live '' shot of the on .
we got there in almost $ NUM nice off doors and it was a breeze .
the lines were crazy for snacks though .
i also went to the stupidest game on saturday .
my little cousin and me were on the before the game .
amanda could n't believe it though .
we were eating popcorn and cheering .
: it was so cute .
on sunday i went and saw harry potter and the of at from .
it was really crazy -- the of rain and everyone wanted to stay .
well they were mostly in the front row !
it was awesome though !
great movie , the director change is .
my cousin victoria saw the - version .
i wonder what that was like ?
pepsi taste challenge was there too .
anyway it 's all or nothing tonight so go flames go !
forever .
oh , i am now in the foo delivery detroit period '' for my survivor .
so i hope it comes soon .
one sad note is going to be very . into air canada .
no more funky spoon at a international .
i wanted to see the .
still tower '' tower miss ya those big bright .
so it 's the last week before work .
i hate that freaking book .
i have to read it so i 'll know it when we do read it in class .
i still dont understand this concept .
anyway , tell me if you have any classes with me .
a tiring day indeed .
we had our class wedding NUM days ago .
which means on the .
it was fun though .
got up in the morning ard .
which is so not me !
usually i wake up at !
i make so much noise till got up and start to swear and curse me .
they are as pretty as ever .
then off we go to work .
took NUM to meet coz i wan na borrow the honey .
called to say he couldnt send the .
instead he asked his youngest bro to send it to me .
reach .
perhaps suddenly this cute kid just came up to us and say , .
he 's actually 's lil bro .
hes name is .
and me was very damn !
then off we 'll work to back .
we walk to work library bus stop to take NUM to work .
her straight hair me .
but i 'm sure i got to meet her !
we took NUM then met durham and his new .
she 's very pretty .
test or .
after that met and .
bump into him .
the most funny incident is tat we all lost our way while for .
.
can see her face .
it was like , god help me .
at last , after struggling finding for the flop , finally called to pick us up .
we reached the gentleman , .
a bit crappy and awkward but we just sit one corner and enjoy ourselves .
esp the beef .
we never help with the bbq but we help them to eat .
the bad news of the day !
two told me dat was already married !
that means i dated a married guy !
tat never have happened among all my frenz !
i almost broke down and cried but nevermind .
i 'll take it as a lesson .
never to get to forward a guy anyhow .
then i took pic with .
we were like all over each other .
he hugs me , i hug him .
he 's like a cuban to me .
for the pics .
went home then later watch mummy .
later got to go aunt 's place since my dad called to say his tat coming home late .
well , its my dad .
perhaps got to know from someone that .
its kinda a great against the world students .
ahh who cares anyway coz im no no student .
haiz , tired already .
got to go to sleep .
catch up with ya 'll later .
i did n't have time yesterday to post what happened so i 'm going to just say what i am
it was latin class again .
we showed our project and did the same stuff as always .
when we were done we went outside and sort of graduated from the first year .
she brought little bear her dog and we said hi to him too .
we said good bye in latin to every one and then went with and anna and the .
they were also shooting photos with a model and that 's when we left to go to anna 's
when we got there we played and see and spent we left to pick up little bear .
afterwards we played with the that that .
but since the thing that happened today is so great i 'll tell you what it was at least .
ok i told you everything i could !
sorry for not blogging yesterday .
there 's no time , really .
so , in this blog , i will write what happened yesterday .
yesterday , i , along with the other music students , went out for work .
actually , i was very .
last day to relax sleep .
first , we met at work mrt station at NUM .
me and ben went there and met , then we went to burger king to eat dinner .
i drank pepsi there in .
after that , we met the rest at work mrt .
then , we proceeded towards mel 's house .
.
after that , we are going to bowl .
okay mel has a lot of birds !
he even got a who kept all day long .
let 's not forget the kids !
he got so many !
one of the and another white fish were fighting .
the two kids keep fighting each other .
after watching .
they brought two years of chicken soup and we !
after eating , we decided to play .
that !
he lost the game and i entered .
i did n't win this .
i got so good cards you know !
i ca n't bear to use them !
but nobody wants to use .
or else , i can easily win the .
after watching a few games , ben and left for mr low 's house .
we played another game .
it 's a game , where it tells you in what are you in are in your lover .
only the girls and mel played .
me and just watched .
after that , we played cheat .
i ended up taking one big pile of cards , just because i build to cheat .
but i got almost every card in my hands .
they ca n't cheat so easily .
work 's running , leaving me , mel and .
we were like ending , keep pushing cards towards one another .
after NUM minutes of that , we decided to give up weight .
then , mel and libra favorite one time , and time to jeff bath .
i tell you must !
i what happened you know !
my nose suddenly !
oh isk !
did i mention my nose on that from too ?
what 's wrong with me ?
we went out of mel 's house to meet with security and .
they all said it was a and mentioned something about .
we met with ben and hm later on tomorrow , and took the train to bed station .
while waiting for the train , my nose .
i tried to control the blood from running out ha !
we took the train to work , then took the to to .
my time time riding the job leh .
they even up the windows when the to came near blocks to protect the privacy of .
we am at bed station and walked towards the shopping complex .
on the way , we discussed 's NUM and a .
even the cat !
when we arrived at the bowling centre , guess what ?
they wrote my name down on the waiting list , then we went down to eat at kfc .
due to the lack of cash , i only ate fries there to money for games .
ben even called his to come .
we discussed so many issues there .
mel and i are .
we went up again , but then , the bowling alley is booked for .
ben 's arrived and gave him $ NUM .
the whole gang made him pay for a .
we then left .
on the bus leh , everybody discussed american idol .
about simon , kelly .
we took for there .
the first pic was by by .
we decided to take another pic .
this time , we made the girls wear costume .
we took pics again !
before returning home , we went down to basement NUM to drink bubble tea .
i drank milk tea .
after that , me and ben took NUM back home .
there was actually talk of voting out out of his writing !
sigh sigh sigh .
the who must , !
luckily , sandra and , being loyal to work , told him about the secret plan .
he then went on to planned to vote .
at the .
most felt by traditional his own who the idiot half of it .
when it described who 's she gon na vote , i thought it was jon !
and this time , they showed us everybody 's votes .
but they did n't show shawn 's .
he the deciding vote between voting out over or creating a tie between and and .
in the end , work got voted out !
plot against some more some la !
and the bastard jon better watch out !
who i think should be survivor survivor ?
either or have andrew .
i got ta go eat lunch .
see ya tonight , blog !
-- > this is me : killing myself from the inside .
just keep keep swimming .
he either said go down my throat or grab me a root beer float .
NUM way sydney finding nemo was the best movie .
new blog thing !
so what 's going on ?
summer break is almost here for one .
ah , ca n't wait .
knowing me , i 'll probably end up starting a few other things as well .
today was pretty cool though .
seeing as it 's the end of the work year , there was n't much really productive going on the
, i got to play oregon trail on the school with chris in his global village though .
that was pretty cool .
i caught fever and died .
: and i swear to god our guns shot .
anyhow , i should probably be studying for my weight and department .
they are tomorrow after all .
debbie woke me up at again .
i always love seeing her but she thinks i 'll get when i will me up .
but i never do .
so i got up and i made eggs and toast for us .
we watched a 's satisfying here and now '' .
i think i watch it too much because i 'm beginning to work lines before she says actually them .
after that was over we took a nap until .
then we were hungry so i made some pasta with sauce for us .
i 'm beginning to become quite the cook .
debbie left for work as my mom was walking in the door .
i washed the of amount of dog up dishes in the kitchen while my mom watched the .
i , and the of the office of this weekend entered computer lab NUM in the .
we were here for the domain square gaming competition which was for class .
the game to be played was unreal tournament .
i saw the in their eyes when the game was .
but after that the competition went smoothly .
the NUM who killed the most were to be overweight from each batch for the final round .
the who did n't make the final NUM went back to their apartment with a heavy heart but i had
in the second . the the given were given curse map .
we selected NUM .
now , call it luck or curse a section of x came for their class .
the period it stretched a little bit as we were giving to the .
but everything was in control .
the . who came out for NUM .
the of NUM .
we hope we would see more in the in near future .
who would believe that ?
certainly not me before today !
i was gon na be there !
thank god i was n't !
i 'd never want to have something like something that !
okay some guy killed his girl by shooting her up in times the head !
then goes to some hotel !
this is so freaky !
well besides all that , i did n't do anything today .
just sat around being lazy .
woke up late watched dirty dancing NUM : libra nights which is like an awesome movie !
so i had a really cool weekend and it was alot of fun .
i had a good time just hanging out and all that kind of stuff .
i went and saw in america and really liked it alot .
i was writing you to see how you are doing .
if your feeling any better now then you did last week .
i know its hard to live this life .
i just want to let it all slide and move into an apartment and just lay around all day .
no need to have a job .
yesterday at church i really wished i smoked cigarettes because i would have walked up to this NUM something .
i would have said ! you want to get out of here ? ''
and then we could have sat on the wedding and smoked together .
i dont know if she has married or loves her husband but sure she does both .
: - the guy in bring it on , is super cute .
yup total .
but he 's all in a comfortable kinda way .
anyway , ! , was cool .
NUM new things .
yea , sadly it was necessary to stay sane .
: : -
i got a new one of these now .
i do n't know what happened to the old one .
well , here it is , .
today was kind of rough .
i do n't really understand this between of the time , and it worries me .
from all the experience that i 've had , it would seem as though she did n't want to be
she 's different from anyone else i know though .
i sat with her today at lunch , like always .
she did n't say much , like always .
she looked sad or bothered or something , like always .
i wrote her a note last night .
it was about everything that we 've done together and how things are stereotypes right now .
i was n't so sure if i should give it to her , but i did .
i have n't talked to her since .
i came back hoping maybe she 'd still be there by any sort of miracle .
she looked rather occupied when i found her , and i just walked away .
i do n't know about all of this .
she could just be in one of her bad moods .
she is a strange girl , but i love her with all my heart .
forgive me if i sound like a weekend here .
i have to thank with my job to all and some who came to visit to be on the
just being in the convention center makes you feel more mature , and everything was in adult and .
and now i 'm looking forward to catch up all the work i 've missed the past week since i
in the in work seems to be a very comfortable reading right now .
i 've looking forward to discussing the book with other interested readers .
he his neck yesterday and he came with his his head today .
he said that he has his neck muscles while he is watching .
wan na sue heidi
a very productive day .
first , i make up an early hour to do my route so as to serve at my church .
i know it is two weeks away , but i 'm still pumped !
at the meeting , i was asked which band is my favorite .
it all depends on which i feel like at the time .
i like today , but may enjoy that .
a very rare photo of my alive cat , .
she does n't like people .
or anything that moves for that matter .
so i have n't have many photos of her .
one day when i was a , i committed many different kinds of sins .
any kind that you can even think of .
we are all like that .
i went to church because my father forced me to by using is health .
after attending many services in that . church endeavor , my soul nothing .
then my father brought me to another church .
it is a great church .
there is discipline in the church during worship services .
then my soul slowly began to profit .
during that time , i was still like the wedding people , like everybody else .
after attending many services , i began to change my deployment such as personality , , , and i 'm
during the changing process .
i am partly of my old self .
although i will many through kinds of .
after sometime , there was a division in the church , due to the perfect bible stand .
the people , who believes that the bible is perfect and has no mistake , were from those from the
i missed those fellowship with , hoping to have fellowship with them in future again .
those people taught and helped me in times of .
but still i follow those believe in the perfect bible .
the world may think that this is meaningless , but we ought to follow the of the bible .
currently , i am in in .
many months has past , but still i miss them .
not long ago , the church a church a camp in malaysia .
i joined to learn more spiritual things .
during the camp , i found that those sins which i committed in the past , shall not let it
and what must we do to work salvation .
there was a great in the me .
i felt .
after learning many things , i officially announced that i am again .
spiritual being after sometime my job i bear which will becoming more and more evil .
until i committed a sin which shall not let me enter to heaven .
i am not difference from the world .
in soft .
i guess u can tell im always real busy in this weekend .
but nothin 's really new , cuz i got a pretty boring life
i love this song , i think this will do good right now for music .
for some reason the blogger wouldnt let me on it keep saying blogger invite error but .
i am here now the party can begin !
hehe omg NUM days till work !
i do n't mention graduate i will miss you guys * tear * i will prob .
look out , look out , here comes a .
take it away tom .
every summer has that one song that gets ?
frankly , i 'm getting sick of it .
look , the guy has that and the fact that he is one bad .
c'mon what 's cooler than gary ?
once it 's become a . hit woman we could even handle the name i see becoming ' .
first , we 'll license it for a line of no !
look , i 'm just trying state the obvious : nobody can prove that china makes better green tea .
it 's just not .
i 'll never look at gary .
i 'm off to money , play safe kids .
nothing , nothing , and more nothing .
i want to always do the right thing but how can you between right and wrong when you .
ahh , my life 's not that big a deal .
there are thousands of people out there today themselves and others with their and with .
what 's another one ?
somebody tell me that
what 's up tom ?
hey , what 's going on ?
how are you doing ?
i am doing , um , well .
how are you doing ?
i am kind of excited to interview you because you are see of one like my favorite bands .
well , thank you .
how did we get that spot on your ?
i do n't know , i have just loved you guys since you first started .
do n't worry , i am nervous , too .
i always do so bad at interviews .
let 's just have fun with it then .
yeah , let 's just have fun with it dude .
how much does it suck having to be in many so times in a day ?
it does n't suck actually , i do n't have to do that many .
they never set up too many at once for me .
how many do you have to do in a day ?
laughs that 's a lot .
good luck with that .
hey , what 's my age again ?
um , what 's your age again ?
yeah , i forgot .
no , what 's mine ?
oh , very good .
are you really NUM ?
laughs are you me ?
laughs how cool is it to be in ?
that 's a good question .
it is pretty cool .
it has its ups and downs , but it 's great to be in a band with great music .
but it 's hard to be used as a piece of meat all day long by the media .
do you ever look in the mirror and go , holy years , i 'm famous .
no , no , i look in the mirror and go , , i need to be .
you 're getting fat ?
no , um , um , yeah .
laughs i am getting super , super fat .
so fat that i ca n't even fit on stage anymore .
yeah , you 're telling me .
laughs you 're the leader of the band .
not necessarily the leader , but definitely the good looking one .
in some parts of the country at least .
is that helping you with the ladies ?
no , but definitely with the men .
that 's what i want to hear .
your .
hey , what if you left blink and became a white .
if i were a white for my name would be .
it 's like a new and improved ice .
are you a guy ?
i am a water or wine guy .
i do n't really drink .
how hot is ?
is she a perfect NUM ?
oh , she 's up there .
if not , close .
i heard you hooked up with her .
laughs do n't lie to me !
laughs i would have to if i went along with your story .
come on , ca n't you hook a up with a ?
your some you can make up anything you want besides that one .
we have gotten along , so i have to ask if i can be your friend ?
there is a waiting list .
how far down am i ?
you are um , no .
there actually is n't anyone on the list .
laughs laughs that 's good .
maybe i can sneak in soon .
often we kiss , but when we are not kissing he will return calls just like this . '
bold -- its normal -- t
left today for orlando , .
she 'll be back saturday at what am i complaining about now ?
lol ok news ways , * much love *
ok well it 's really kind of grey outside and cold !
so my life is very depressing lately the last weekends NUM months i offer anywhere and almost with its
i ca n't wait to get my normal life back which will more than be the fall .
so maybe until than i can live like a ?
i 'm listening to alot of my old songs today , brings back memories , so thats good !
not any longer any to pattern the of this world , but be by the of only .
then you will be able to test and what god what 's will is -- his good , .
have different gifts , according to the grace given us .
if a man 's gift is , let him use it in to his NUM .
love must be .
hate what is evil ; to what to is good .
devoted to one another in love .
honor one another above yourselves .
be lacking in , but keep your spiritual , serving the lord .
in hope in patient , in korea , faithful in prayer .
wham .
that 's pretty much how i felt when i read this verse .
come on , agree with me here , this scale hits you right where it hurts .
offer your bodies as living .
frankly , if i offered myself right now to god , it would be far from .
for different people ' yourself might be different , from lying , to stealing , to reading , .
for me , i guess i feel it the most when i do physical contact .
you know what i mean , i do n't need to go into detail here .
it 's gotten so that i feel some problem i do something bad like that .
and you know what ?
do n't tell lies , they sing lies ' ever heard that one ?
i like this part a lot .
it says that each one of us is given a gift , some function that to the whole of the
go on , read further .
did you catch that ?
if it is through serving , let him serve '' hey , being able to serve is a .
how about encouraging , to the needs of others , giving , and showing mercy ?
no , gifts are n't just those in oh my goodness so . ''
kind of gifts , the ones that everyone always .
here god points out that he has put special gifts in each one of us .
if you can encourage , hey !
you 've got a gift .
if you can give , hey , you 've got a gift !
instead say , here am i here , lord , use me . ''
you wait and see what this god will perform through you .
our god is a big god .
must be sincere .
hate what is evil ; to what is good to is all i ca you put / my own wisdom
my allergies are bugging me too jo !
i dislike allergies with the fire of a thousand .
' back from work great in ' yesterday eh ?
been a bit busy lately so little could n't blog as much as i usually do yesterday .
not as lazy as usual .
yay it 's a day NUM .
* well do n't mind do which weather but is really a waste of money and time .
look at me i know how the canadian government works !
it 's not like anybody even cares for canadian elections we 've been gettin ' less than as it .
did n't give patrick a lift today since he said he did n't need one because he 's all .
well in the end when i left he left around same time .
pointless yes i know but meh he started it .
his dad explained later that he did n't eat until NUM hey 's that my usual eating time .
well headed to work then and hopped out of the car er .
does that count as a car ?
anyways quickly be useless junk into , pieces and then headed to history .
i 'm almost late well i thought at least .
turns out i was just on time .
i 'm not going to say much about history .
we went to the computer lab and there for NUM minutes , looking up stuff about the .
yup that was basically it .
and after that thought tonight having the .
we started off with our test on canadian politics and then went on from there .
why do my mornings suck so much ?
i do n't know but there has to be a reason .
if .
* after that we took notes how is .
* and did some survey telling us which party would be the most for us for to vote for the
i 'm a liberal .
hmm always thought of myself as a pc dude * somewhat , figure that people should n't abuse .
* but after taking up our scores i 'm apparently liberal .
scheming after doing that took down more notes on politics .
the evolution of our political parties .
why must be class be so suffering ?
went to a place i have n't been to in time .
and i remember why .
it 's the same thing as .
-rrb- 's has more food too , plus they give to central .
breakfast .
$ .
went back to work then and sat around in gym for a bit .
played a wee bit of ball .
oh yeah then this happens : where tells me he 's .
* hint hint sarcasm .
* i do n't exactly hate him but he 's a bit of a jackass .
jason and alex and work and probably .
learning about how to find sides of a .
i do n't know why they have been this since grade school .
and somewhat useless also unless you 're been can be some .
programming did absolutely nothing .
the net , .
and finally yay !
no what swimming today , except some of the team went to a big meet at .
i wanted to go at i 've gone to one already .
wanted to go for mixed but think but steve went instead .
the and alex went for for good luck dudes .
i heard i have a good team but hey from he got a pretty killer .
talked to ryan on bus ride home .
apparently ryan heard about another moving around here too .
well i 'm out for the uh day ?
sun 's still up so see guess it 'd be day .
finally got the orlando bloom skin done that i have been working on all day .
it 's pretty you can see it here .
i used a brush from for the background , and i used a pic of orlando orlando .
i been learning to cut stuff in cuban , and so far i got like NUM pics of orlando .
i do n't think so .
he 's hot : other than that i 'm still sick .
i did n't sleep at all last night .
my mom was cool and let me have the day off work since i was feeling so crappy .
that means double work tomorrow morning .
o well , at least this gave me time to work on some graphic stuff .
this was short but it got the job done .
the job are coming !
all i want to know is , who the hell that bull that shit ?
kelly is the most incredibly stupid woman in history .
do n't ya think , ?
anyway , i got up at the crack butt of dawn this morning to take my dad to the
no , it was n't to be nice .
it was so i could drive his .
my add brain is moving so fast this morning .
i need to get my head cut off , but the !
it 's NUM : NUM right now .
i 'm trying again .
so , i did n't get to an actual an person until NUM : NUM .
and i had to listen to work music the whole time .
i have an appointment for NUM : NUM .
that was odd .
it sounded like there was a jack johnson song on that .
i would cry if someone as cool as jack ever did a commercial .
its time for me to do something productive .
by that i mean stop writing in my blog and watch tv .
i went to the !
actually green scored the last point .
and french was no good , and physics will be even worse .
and then then i have history !
this sucks so much man .
i went to sleep earlier last night in like around or so .
and i was know and all i really do is talk to people online .
it 's the fake it diet regimen .
i was singing a lot of work songs that i needed to get better on .
i 'm good with her singing with me , but not good with .
i make .
with a match ooh , lol .
they came out good , .
i wanted sum from after that .
now i 'm just sure find help to catch this .
i remember another this song today yay !
it 's called ' , from the NUM summer vacation cd .
it 's rocks .
it 's so cute and classic .
good song for summer .
song s of the day : .
came over today right after the play .
we had root beer .
when was leaving she made me walk her to her car because she was afraid of the dark .
before she left she was like .
and i am like .
but i want to ask her if she could come to the dew concert .
i will call her tomorrow !
went to work dance nite with yesterday .
finally got to see her , so happy !
didnt change much , still so cute and .
= anyway , the dance nite was quite spectacular .
there 's this break dance and seriously , those were much better than the time men in from .
i only know two years there , and .
can really dance well !
actually , i didnt know she can dance hip hop so well .
you go , girl !
as for , not bad also .
she likes to smile alot , tat 's wat i know .
saw her bf her there too .
come to think again it , they 've been together for quite some time .
anyway , .
wat the hell all the girls were wearing from stuff head from toe .
i spent how i remembered and it 've tried to make the highschool in front of the tat .
oh while i saw also .
it was quite awkward for me to wave to him .
all of the !
go tell him i said he looks like mark lee .
i saw alot of things i know at the dance nite .
think i saw jan too .
chaz but she looks , so i 'd i need the right one .
anyway , really got loud knew huh ?
haha and this and and .
haha it 's been like , few years since i last saw .
she kept asking me whether she has grown .
haha hard question .
as for .
but i guess she 'll prefer ppl to say she 's handsome .
= got ta rush for my work essay now .
it 's the last day of summer .
i am sad about this .
go and iron again !
this is stupid .
i just spent a million budget week writing a post and it did n't work !
so , again , on saturday night ?
johnny depp is seriously frickin hot mate !
yesterday i was at work 's house from NUM : .
to NUM : .
that 's NUM hours .
good thing i love her !
contrary to my very strong beliefs , i went to the mall twice .
i saw so many people i know there .
i wish i was a .
then i would n't have to deal with .
i got all my shopping done and i spent too much money there goes our house kids .
but that 's okay .
i saw 's got ta give ' .
it was with old people and .
i kept on making .
i think the old people were angry at me though .
some tough grandma 's gave me dirty looks .
i found out that sadly they still consider me a fan club and worse , work part .
which is totally false .
today , my desk is picking me up and doing christmas food shopping .
i 'm taking my little sister who i 'm babysitting to teddy NUM , because i promised .
then at night i get to bake my brains out .
my mother is a .
* sigh * this , baking is cool .
as long as i do n't turn out to be a kitchen bitch , lol , andrea .
unfortunately , i must go .
because my grandma might have a heart attack if she sees my 's .
love , not hate brother .
: * love *
i thought in it in this !
to just be sure !
so we all do gals . ?
cya bout !
i crave sin james !
missed his big face naked lady what you caught a nyc hug im , josh luv .
! ''
life sucks .
hmm woke up @ soo tired .
answer '' ' next time friday go better !
lol ng last large tonight in home email to do
actually ask me must go see fireworks de in the end she dun wan up herself .
then no go le
things i have to swimming our hair , heidi , n kim !
then @ nite go to tonight heidi - eat dinner n see fireworks !
i can do such see beyond them not
yesterday rocked so kudos to jenny etc .
on the office front * * .
* yawn * my eyes are all heavy so i may go back to bed some time .
curse my heavy times . times . -rrb- to ! ! ! the !
anyhoo now that u have read story and gone thats really good .
nice one ben ' i will put working up and u can point , laugh and generally repeated me .
comments would be nice tt .
please keep the poor grammar etc .
enjoy , or can * insert witty name here * eight minutes .
thats how long he had left .
eight minutes until the police would run in and waste him and free the .
it was stupid of him to expect them to pay up , why would they ?
he had only taken four people and there was plenty more where they came from .
after all , how much would their families miss them when they 've .
no visitors here because nobody cares , not their families , not the yards at the door and not .
he could n't remember the make , he could n't remember much anymore since the ' from dr .
all he knew is that he wanted to get out , and get out now .
time has no meaning when your not allowed a watch .
five minutes , ten minutes , three hours .
this is the only place on the planet where time is truly relative .
you get up when you want , eat when you want , sleep when you want .
the perfect life and all you have to give up is your soul and your sanity .
they say beauty is in the eye of the , well then peace is in the eyes of the
he could hear them through the door , he cold hear all .
as far of these people were concerned he was god , would mean shit when he was the .
james was praying , susan was crying , and the other two were too shocked to do anything except .
all the while .
were your friends . the word was like acid to him .
how are you my friends ?
the storm over for now at least .
he took a look at his office , sitting in their office in their blue to medical car .
he knew their names ; susan , james , martin , and jackie .
apart from that , he knew nothing .
did they have kids ?
where did they come from ?
who was their favourite nurse ?
he knew none of this even though he had talked to them about those very several things times .
except of course for the last question .
the favourite nurse was ; she was used that favourite nurse .
he wouldnt say no anyway .
not like the other .
although it had been so long , he wouldnt have said no to one of them either .
the countdown was , wearing away his mind like hungry rats .
they obviously didnt believe that he would do it .
ill show them , he , ill show them he looked to his fellow actors in this .
two choices faced him ; he could set one of the free to show that he was willing to be
or he could release one of the from their .
a small woman turned up one of the of his mouth as a thought into his mind of his .
the only sounds in the office were of the deciding upon their next move and the coffee .
the tension was on on face .
three minutes has their latest , they were just praying that he would call again .
hello . asked the officer .
when will you pay me say the of old of he loads the engagement be the bills where .
when i grow rich say the of he loads the of the and off safety the .
when will that be ?
say the of of .
im sure i dont know say the ' of teddy bow he slipped the key into the lock and the
the the made the la monkey as he stepped in , singing at the top of his voice now .
they never thought shoot one of them , what was he doing ?
he said release one of the , this didnt make any sense .
the silence was ; the only sound you could hear was the of your own breath that .
until finally the .
fuck at that instant the phone began to ring and , agent picked up the the .
the man merely down the phone and hang up .
the silence returned , not a silence of shock , but of one of .
you could hear the thoughts flying across the until one of the junior clan his opinions .
why dont we just give him what he wants ?
after all it could be a long night and it would be hell for them without their .
they had barely noticed what done .
it was as if she had never been there , never existed at all .
although this was true for them all , it had been for a long time .
its just like the old .
does it make a sound ?
if one of us were to fall , would anybody notice ?
would any of us be heard ?
they would still rush in and take him down ; because nobody cared about his , they were in the
when will you people listen .
then the thought struck him ; he was married !
the with adventures had around the office instead of being where he should have been , .
no i wasnt bitter that he forgot birthdays in and never had time for me , why would i have
whose kid was that anyway ?
consequently man lets go get some he continued to stare at the floor .
why did he feel so scared ?
this was the best day of his life what was there to worry about ?
he was married from his by the sound of the phone ringing in his hand .
he didnt want to answer ; he wanted to go back .
back to a time he could barely remember but he didnt care where it was as long as it was
it kept ringing , the high away into his head into .
hello he asked to the u , sounding like a small child without his mother .
they waited for the reply hoping that he took the and they could finally end this .
sir he asked .
all they could hear was the sound of him breathing like a sleeping baby .
that was , until he heard the laugh .
it started as if he was married but it soon developed into a .
hes flipped , came the voice of one of the roads at the back of the room .
oh really can read agent , what makes you think he was oh so sane to begin .
hes in a mental hospital isnt he this silence the room , rarely spoke and never .
there was a man who needed this to go right , and it had already gone badly wrong without the
he picked up the . the , laughter every dying down to background noise .
but your job .
well im sorry but ive changed my mind .
peace he threw the phone into the air and with one well placed shot , blew it into the
he realised that he had lost , he would never find peace .
he raised his head to look at the 's apartment level and looked at him like an puppy woman .
he looked down at the gun he held in his hand , it seemed obvious what he should do .
peace would come to him in eternity , he would finally find out who he is what he did n't
* click * the smile .
his only way out and it had disappeared .
he i out loud as agent walked into the room , his office .
the city format obviously was forced here i got a desk job .
he was .
* click * * click * click * .
he was the cat got his cream , a kid with a secret .
he could let him win , not when got so far he was so near the end .
he noticed the guns big were still trained on him every watching his move as empty eyes .
he stared at the .
the man must only be a NUM mere boy , new to the world of death and destruction his
this was probably his first job , the first time having to look upon a real face when he was
he soon thought no more .
the may hear about teddy a doctor , if makes me writing , good helpful comments .
yes .
haha ur in marching band .
you are quitting next year , are you not ?
i tried to convince , but now am able na make out for section leader , or we .
your next point is a valid one .
i made it on the post that never was , because my comp screwed up and deleted it .
hey , readers that i didnt send a link to , find to tell us to keep those coming .
kinda .
i think we should start an online cafe even if no ones reading it .
it will be fun .
nate , ur topics are all , or about people .
evil people can change over time .
do n't be ur own species so much .
though thats a bit of an , u evil california , we were just ahead of our time .
it only keeps us from doing anything about the real cause of the , and that is that i have
but i skipped a bunch in that , and it prolly doesnt make too much sense .
i agree with too , were gon na fall like this soon .
prolly by the end of this century , if not all characters in this characters is last blog .
any to a real person , living or dead is one hell of a coincidence .
maybe someday i will leave and shut them out and never see them again that be nice .
this post was over the entire last week of july .
read on to learn why it had n't been posted sooner .
this had n't been posted earlier as a of my firm .
one of those rules happened to allow no more than an hour of internet , that too only .
i had to do it else , i was in danger of becoming a addict .
the atmosphere is on and most on days the , in particular , it has rained heavily .
it was raining outside for nearly NUM hours in one go between the and the .
maybe it is nature 's way of showing its grief .
i had my digital camera from me from .
apparently due to some of the on the .
at least that is what my parents thought .
they sent it to the wedding service centre for .
because it did not need any .
unfortunately , nobody seems to even remember the incident now , let alone feel bad about it .
it does n't look like my idea worked too well .
that was not the end of all my misery .
i was doing badly in class .
i hope my turn comes soon .
it did not help my already condition when called me on thursday evening .
he asked me if i remembered a certain to who was in class ten now .
i said yes and in a tone town , i asked him if had died .
when i heard him say yes , i was standing there , wishing i could the past the city .
this post is dedicated to .
it 's the least i could do for a person whose existence i had taken for granted until he was
saturday noon was another one of those by it when felt for sure that normally liked more than the
i was having lunch when together and came home from their schools and - the .
that is when i realized that she had n't said anything about me when i was in my thesis .
and i had once done equally bad in our math exams while each of us was in the .
i know i 'm too old for !
nonetheless , i am sure there are certain small differences in our that as ready could end up all .
for those of you concerned about my health , i 'm doing better now .
i was down with a severe cold but i 'm feeling much better .
about 's bite on my right arm : that is improving too .
it has become brown , dry and .
it now is what happens when you are your knee .
. , to my relief , i do n't have , or aids for that matter .
maybe had taken his shots after all .
heck , what do i have to complain about ?
things could have been much worse .
nancy is a at work , it 's so sweet .
she can beat up woman into midnight , even though she 's a smaller lot than .
ha ha ha is all i can say .
mah . .
this morning i had to get up at NUM to go to my my desk and jet in a .
the pump kept breaking and it took forever finally i get some food because i 'm home now .
anyways going to see shrek NUM tonight , heard it should be good .
and tomorrow they get off , the i get full of weekend something .
this afternoon before i am the movie i have to go cut the grass .
i 'll post again later .
nothing can beat me being at the top .
the is to live every moment to the without without regrets .
i strive to keep up my steps , knowing that each take me closer to my goal .
i am ready to face every challenge that comes .
as long as my loved ones behind me , care , comfort and me .
so that i can stand tall in life .
if you try hard , no mountains are too high !
only those who don pursue there dreams , find it high and hard to climb .
this is a very incredible robot that was obviously invented in the future .
this is an that follows every command that is given by the instructor .
there is only one in the because in is still studying its .
believe it or not , the has a woman is and it called is .
is an that can express emotions and in such what is right what is and what is the .
this depends on the of the in the office .
he is like a real human only lacking the human and the ability to produce a a .
scene is wayne english class .
the is currently taking .
: ok everyone your family are due today , but i must take the first .
hmm nothing , .
know his already is sleeping on his desk oh he must not be here !
ah well this takes too long ill just do it after tim comes .
scroll from the office i knows i will have to collect some random order , ?
do you have your family ?
well im sure you shall bring it to me soon : ah yours is complete !
lets see the first one , how my boss keeps me from going on everyone seems interesting robert .
oh he isnt here .
ha ha ha , that is funny !
i know i was to figure a family but that is moments as interesting as how we are .
: yes where where is yours ?
oh still hes asleep i awake him , im sure he needs it , for we know dont .
at this moment an elephant hands his assignment ah your assignment how wonderful !
turns to chris chris will be we receiving your essay today ?
it is much better than any spoon area and if you like it you can join and post among the
: well that sounds .
i could finally give my knowledge to those who can appreciate it .
id love to hear all of your opinions on the tent a of a poem .
if that did n't beat then it probably was n't that good .
remember part NUM of the birth of , be ready for anything .
just a few more days until the finale .
you 're you just a teenage industry . ''
blur - crazy beat a stressed out studying for man .
its fun to make fun of yourself , you should all give it a try .
on , truth , i must be a , growing strange new to replace the ratio ones .
now thats all , beside the .
yawn back to work today , not cool at the moment , but tomorrow i 'll be a .
ever survey i found about !
haha how often do you watch ?
: this much when did you first start watching the show ?
: um i appreciate who is your favorite guy character ?
: craig who is your favorite girl character ?
: that who is your favorite adult ?
: .
: snake what is the last episode of the you watched ?
: hmm um the one where the chips emma spoon tries i see now thing hike the .
girls only : craig the rivers girl ?
guys only : who has the best style of the guys ?
: uh .
: .
: the christmas one isnt the humidity one show ever ?
: ha . !
would you say your obsessed ?
: i cant wait for the new ones .
= .

i 'm trying NUM keep myself happy .
i love i am .
now time for la !
oi oi oi oi !
now i am listening to blink NUM and the songs just suck like the first NUM .
i got mail from my cousin in california today and to my surprise he was giving me hope .
i guess you could use this art and maybe some cash .
ryan peace - hopeless child
me and dah
funny : you know those changing ' events ?
and how they 're supposed to make you a better person , and embrace life !
live life to the city !
it does n't make you embrace life .
it makes you afraid of life , it makes you know more than you ever wanted to know .
it is still changes your life : p for the better of for the worse .
that sucks major balls .
so , i what i 'm looking can do about that yet .
going to the great escape wednesday , i 'm really excited .
i have n't been there in years , but i could n't have better people to go with really .
well , .
mood : happy : d > currently playing : some beat .
: : matt : :
the time now is .
exactly hours to a brand new year !
yesterday 's concert was just successful .
there goes another event to mark in this special year .
as we look back into the days , or even months , there simply so many events to reflect .
as people look back through the years , there 's usually significant events to represent that particular year you .
mine is no exception how about yours ?
here goes my summary of my year
the first month usually marks the beginning of things .
a month in which i start my secondary two life , and learn things that we 're supposed to be
so goes my birthday !
i was the first time that i 've received the most presents from my friends .
i was really glad my birthday was not forgotten , for it usually was february .
it was the first time to celebrate chinese new year at my form teacher 's house , mr soon .
our first class gathering of the year .
same goes for my first love , after all the and stuff .
i learn what 's love and how the taste or feeling is like .
my first valentine present too !
and really thanks to it , i started this journal .
everything just changed so much looking back now .
there may be happy times , but there are also sad times .
friends should always learn to help each other when they are in need .
they should never be taken for granted .
that was a mistake i make , which i kept and learn from it .
singing there was great , but were came and drag it til july .
we sang at girls ' .
everything was happening exactly on the same day !
i managed to catch a job concert at the first time too .
my first seen musical was on the same week at work .
choir workshop at !
it has really taught me how to sing in a choir competition .
the workshop was useful after all .
although .
two of my friend 's birthday was on the same month !
but i was really guilty for not giving them any presents .
we were hardly together though .
hopefully i can make it up on their next coming birthdays .
i was assigned as an .
leader for the and in choir in !
i never been a leader much , but after being just an assistant , i realise the pressure they are
but i must learn the cope with it as time passed though .
i had my first with the batch of sec ones in the korea competition .
it was really fun teaching them , although i may be mixed up with my counting of beats regularly .
mid year exams in may .
the sound of it really makes people is so serious .
i spent lots and lots of time studying it and i realise how lucky i manage to get to the
people behind me can actually do better than me if they have work more harder .
how lucky i must have been to be in position .
singing the wedding choir was really fun !
despite being a , i could actually seen how a church wedding was like .
choosing of subject combination was right before the june holidays .
i had a hard time making the right choice , but i 've finally made up my decision .
i went to work 's concert too !
there were thanksgiving practices as well as practices during the holidays .
so do holiday assignments .
although i still had to go to work , it 's really much better than to spend my holidays .
july marks one of the most memorable events for choir .
we are silver in central office central competition !
most of us shed tears of happiness the most happy feeling i ever had .
it was really a miracle , and somehow , the best pride of something i had through the years .
thanksgiving was also included !
but i just felt disappointed for not being able to dance this year .
we sang love in any language and any dream will do anyway !
after spending hours and hours , i finally sold my very own art piece the shirt !
there comes a feeling of great .
a farewell function was held for the and during august .
i managed the learn rebel sing out '' while the forums their item !
but what i planned is n't great .
we sang songs maybe we could dance like too .
and the guys were great too !
they said the rap on .
if they could sing just one last song september was another month of fun !
i cycle with my friends at work park and even learn to .
but i did n't really succeed though .
: teacher 's day was n't really a nice one .
my friends and i were never out of our primary school !
but what i 'm glad was that , we were able meet each other once again .
i watch my second musical too
in city @ .
i was glad i never miss it too !
the choir sang the school song when the acting minister of education came .
it 's was only hours before my grade NUM practical piano !
it really was n't a great one though , but i did manage to pass .
it was n't really a great one , but people still had fun from it .
october was a month of pressure .
the was is !
the most important of my year .
i 've slept at NUM almost everyday too .
but i was glad it was over !
i learnt many things about leading during the leadership camp held right after exams .
i had my daughter two promotion camp during the first few days of november .
i got to the first class !
through the camp days , i get to know more about the new classmates too .
we had fun climbing and playing at the camp
there 's still choir practices during the holidays !
we practice songs as well as the dance we 're having for the phillies galleries december .
another recording to made !
and this time , it 's the song i have a gon na travel '' .
the second choir camp during december !
it was much much better than the previous one held and instead of one day , it 's .
the weekend was a fun and nice one overall .
we played the game .
finally the concert !
everything was a success last night is n't it ?
although we did n't perform quite well .
just so many things that i 've encountered !
happy new year to all !
| sign my !
yes , the holiday i speak of is the of july .
fireworks , bbq 's the NUM new yards , it is going to be a blast .
the of july , for those of you who do n't know , is america 's independence day .
you know who i 'm talking about , thats right the left .
the question is why they do hate the country that allows it to hate to begin with ?
let me explain how works really quick here individually .
he too , will get what you deserve .
-rrb- homer get because everything is handed to you , and you are encouraged not to work .
this is america , land of the free , home of the brave , and you hate it .
you are nothing but a weekend , and you 're to thick headed and ignorant to change .
you hate a country that gives you the right to hate it in the first place , and you have
get a clue , get a job , make money , and be happy .
happy of july everyone , i hope you have a safe , and wonderful holiday .
now i am hard to to keep that travel to !
and thats a bit more .
worth a shot , eh ?
but seeing this really makes me think , why is travel so expensive !
why do n't do better research and find cheaper ways to travel as opposed to expensive ones .
bottom line , i need money .
so what am i to do ?
my grandparents ca n't fly me out because they are already finding a way for me to get back to
ok we 'll just ignore that band : i made the .
spanish : but i got all my work done ! !
history : i ate a cookie bought for lauren and i , and i was by my self .
lunch : so exciting and . fun !
and i got to get close to a .
my log for my boy scout project .
i put a in a in '' an '' empty soda bottle .
not brilliant , but .
i now think that maybe i want a radio radio and not an player .
asked me to suggest a big classic '' .
ah yes , .
and more because i 'm just damned stupid .
right now i owe her something .
like an .
the main purpose i created this blog 's to lift up ' souls for closer to god .
unfortunately for now i 'll be treating it as a ' diary ' until i figure out how .
i 'm still new at this blogging thing you know !
so please bear with me for a while !
; p @ .
i 'm on the blog !
cool thanks for the blog thomas .
anywho , hope this can be a good spot to work thoughts .
adios and god bless .
listening to : step in the name of r. kelly - NUM : NUM
sugar headache .
i long for her stare .
i just want her to see me .
just to notice me standing there .
i wish i could be fired to her .
i wish i was more than just a friend .
i am so sick of being just a friend .
thats all i am .
its so freakin stupid .
i will not go out with anyone who is not my friend first .
im rambling and probably not initial sense .
in the words of work , by it know i am what about and thats all that matters !
i cant get on aol but i can get on aim and work so the night 's .
i 'm tired .
now i 'll recap the day 's events .
* sigh * first see lets i see up at 's house .
i slept really well and all that junk and we headed over to around NUM with brad and .
umm the party was fun .
it was with food with cold , work , volleyball and a .
the party ended for myself at NUM when i headed over to the church .
sorry so long never reply cause very the busy and
anyway there 's only one or two ppl women is goin by read to my blog so i 'm so
highly happy ur problem speaking of problem i stand tat neo problem as .
i do n't go from a great course done there . here . ?
the one classic very gd !
very anyway dig them ask to ' as a good email ?
i now everyday wash ok !
uncle i make u no father and rabbit day ok .
dun tink i hence ' ok u want punch ?
i give u .
not i stop it here see next u !
don to read my blog . and ? ?
must put comment may baby i 've put money ur comments i now go put !
. NUM !
now he can come back to malaysia to see the doctor !
drank hope u recover .
how e u how come u dun come online anymore .
oh yea u haf .
hehehe i may all sa
you know lately i 've realized that if you have something to say , say it .
if you have something you want to do , do it .
do n't wait for things to come to you , go after them yourself .
stop wondering what will happen , man just do it .
if you do n't , answers and wonder can drive a person mad .
i know i 've always been told this , but i can really see it now .
that does sound cool guys !
right well it 's NUM : NUM , what ?
i was sure to be asleep by now .
but i have n't heard from here , so i do n't know what the plan is .
i wish i knew .
i 'm in such a bad mood today .
i do n't even know why .
my computer 's crashing on me .
are bothering me so much today .
i ca n't stand them stereotypes .
i do n't even know why .
i think it 's because that talked to me about them .
she wrote them down in my notebook that she was miserable in singapore .
i much prefer my first NUM months class .
we had no job , no one each other , we were all very with one another time .
why ca n't it be like that ?
i know it 's wrong to people but i ca n't help it .
they 've messed up my life in jc .
i miss my old friends , am another and with .
i 's gone on to and is apparently unable to cope with the triple science course .
good luck my friend .
you can do it !
from heidi we 're still very we am in the same school in different classes .
i failed my chinese .
= however , i 'm just wee disappointed i failed for .
ms ho said i failed by only a couple of marks .
sigh the results of last minute study .
i hope i can do well enough in the office to be ?
it 's going to be such a shame to myself and my parents if i get .
i mean , my family are all so like and it 's bothered me for so many years .
my cousins all seem to me .
i 'm just so mad at myself .
though my parents say they do n't care , just do my baby , i know they care .
they want to see me on top for once .
i want to do it but i just ca n't .
it 's not in my means to do so .
look at wala lang , he 's already in uni .
uni uni at that .
and he 's only a year older than me .
my brother was one of the top students in his school and was numerous gold numerous and workout the
you can see how happy my parents , especially my boss was .
i sometimes wish i could be like that .
i 've imagined it before but i 'll never get there .
a have almost NUM for her os and what did i get ?
NUM plus NUM and was promptly kicked out of jc and posted to .
luckily i was an and could appeal back .
life was pretty ok in term NUM .
i did ok in my common tests .
i got an a for company , .
ok , i was expecting to fail physics anyway .
i miss mr foo so much .
i wish he could come back to teach us !
sigh we got rid of our previous research apartment , mr lee and a new one , i have to
just like my physics .
he just ca n't connect with the class .
i do n't know why , i ca n't stand him .
when you do n't like a cuban , you wo n't do well for that subject .
i really do na do ok for work , at least pass but i ca n't .
i think i 'll slide even further down than for this time 's common test .
well , i 'm going swimming at work later .
my first time in the pool this year .
ca n't wait but i 'm gon na be all alone .
that 's alright i guess .
i always have my imagination to keep me company .
there 's bowling training later .
sigh i just ca n't get the whole team to come for at least one training .
since this and me assumed the posts of captain , the whole team has never been at training .

i do n't know what to do man .
what must our forms be thinking ?
we promised not to let them down .
we ca n't let the club be shut down .
why must my life be so shitty ?
ann indiana father 's gon na be playing in the NUM halo olympics table tennis later .
i wish her all the best and i hope she can bring glory to singapore .
i just do n't like the media hype cuz i think it the .
i hope he 's ok .
i could tell he was feeling so crushed when he lost to whatever his name is .
he knew that our hopes were on him and he , perhaps , could not handle the pressure .
of media of sigh .
leaving cancer , did n't let whatever the media says bother you .
just go in and play your own game .
you can beat them all .
all the best girl .
singapore 's behind you . !
song of the moment : .
sorry i did not update last night , i do n't know why i did not .
yesterday was a good day .
our came over for a bit but not all night because she had this weekend .
so she was here from like NUM : .
then we walked to work and ate lunch there .
she left and that was pretty much it for the night .
today i did nothing with this .
i woke up at NUM and went to the at NUM .
me , .
we were there for about an hour .
nothing exciting but it wasnt boring .
we came back to the station and did work tonight then i came home .
this was the this thing ive done ever , as you will find out why in the next sentence .
check calls me and i had been sleeping for like an hour .
i woke up hot as a mother .
i just told this i 'd call her back .
i didnt really do anything else the rest of the .
thats pretty much it .
i do n't know what im gon na do tomorrow , probably nothing .
this weekend will be awesome though .
and sunday im going to work with libra and her family for a hella good time .
it should be awesome .
well i 'll believe tomorrow night .
* .
i want that to change .
so here 's what i want to do : change .
change who i am , how i think , what i do and say , and what i stand .
it 's going to take work and it 's going to be hard but it 's going to be a
it 's going to be for worth it .
so , to follow through with my goal i have to write it first or type .
i want to stop hating myself ; i want to love myself .
i want to think .
i want to pay a full , not through the , but by wanting to serve god .
i want to pray regularly to my father read and subscribe from his words daily .
i want to be married in the temple to a man who loves me but loves god more .
she 's my job .
and in the group .
, i 'm sorry thomas di n't call you .
, i 'm sorry you had a bad other day .
i know both of ya , you 'll make it out fine .
anyway , around NUM : NUM years came over to grab some .
fuck the what ?
it 's a thing .
, katie 's friend lives here in , and she do n't mountain bike .
this curly me a dollar .
life is n't bad .
which teen movie queen are you ?
ok , so seems so was much better than yesterday .
i got no sleep last night before i was up .
i finally figured out why i keep .
its not cause im tired , its cause i 'm fucking .
hopefully that wont be like the only time i get to see mary , cause i think i am .
something happened with billy and kathy today what 's new .
i seem to be the only person who is thinking , which is strange .
i understand billy , cause hes in love with her .
but mary is another story .
i just think im heading .
woot , fun stuff eh .
and yes indeed , i was the first person mentioned in her 's !
yay , .
and secondly or is it
i do n't know anymore , .
you are my hero and i love you so much !
it 's so odd to have you giving me advice because i had a breakdown .
it 's usually the other way around .
you have missed your calling in life if you do n't become a speaker .
-rrb- 's self confidence -- up NUM % .
you want proof that . com is the single coolest person in the entire freaking world ?
here it is : if its to be it will be happen .
he is an idiot for not falling head over feet for the you moment he saw you .
, i love you i love you i love i you love i you love i love you .
holy crap , omg , what on earth would i do without you ?
oh , the thought .
so , the point of this post is just to thank my very good friend .
she always seems to know what to say and like i said before , she makes any shitty situation .
congratulations on your engagement to ryan !
so it 's a little .
and on the topic of engagement , ryan 's home from !
he have taken pictures up the , or i 'm going to kick him in the .
he promised me that he would take a bunch of pictures of for me through come through the .
so , the for eh ?
good movie well , good interesting movie .
it 's a of about like NUM other movies .
girl at NUM o'clock .
the tv 's at NUM o'clock to me , thus the army position reference .
she 's going a little if you ask my opinion which you did n't .
none the less , this movie just got a very interesting plot twist .
so i 'm off , work in the morning .
michael , tight sleep , i love you all !
i hope i have helped
seriously , i 'm going to cry .
last nite i said , am i am now officially one step closer to happiness .
hmm could it really come true . ? ''
i now know that answer .
i 've lost the will to do what i used to .
i do know possibly be enough to happen the truth i feel as hoping it would doesnt matter .
i work today at NUM the point ?
to make money money can not buy me happiness .
to keep busy nothing will keep me busy enough to clear my mind .
i also do know if clear be at the youth nite which deserves not even happen .
i know i promised them that i would go , and i hate breaking promises .
but this may be one of those times that i do
i just cant bear to face
i am a ghost .
i into into .
i have no purpose .
i am a , moving from place to place , school to work , work for the for the
i have nothing to fight for .
nothing to be me .
no goals just going for the ride that i started .
maybe one day i will fall out of this depression .
maybe someone will lift me out of the lake of sorrow that i am in .
but right now there is a storm .
so i will stay here dragging myself through life only to make others who care happy .
forever is a very this word .
well i was also speaking my mind .
it feels like forever is be missing to happen .
but maybe im forcing forever .
im not sure to prove myself ?
to avoid it happening again ?
if you are one of the few who are still proud to call me a friend , try to make
usually thats what friends do , but i 've done it before and i do want to others .
i dont want na hear comforting words cuz im gon na think its a lie .
as much as i trust you , i trust cant others when i trust cant myself .
and too now i am the last person i trust .
so if ur reading this i can know what i expect you to do .
i 'm not say that i need are stereotypes .
cuz there are many times that i have .
but right now is not one of those times .
just leave me be for now
not romantic named lj what 's your personality type ?
sorry i keep seems for a while . i was busy .
cuz i know .
today i got up .
we went to work hung out with him .
then .
i hear how if i .
then i get home 'll new yarn the block durham ended up at work house again .
im soo freaked out .
yesterday i tired soo hard to win .
but the radio station never gave the # = well im starting go .
i have a big day ahead of me tom .
= NUM days till the beach !
= x o a girl walks up to the boy does small red says . '
do think they think pretty ' .
he says ' no ' .
she says ' do .
homer said this too me .
yo w @ 's $ up y ' @ !
: who know 's how it to do not mind these contact and help me !
i really appreciate it !
here @ y i started my second semester of college , sigh my so called semester break was a
after all that i had NUM go through , all the ex @ m $ !
: p anyway hahaha lucky those it is the required wedding attend a month or something so i have to
am i lazy or what !
: p sigh another left sigh now only got NUM student !
our course must be really : p !
hahaha well hope will do n't again where how not need !
so ! @ @ !
@ !
yeah today is the last day of last tat .
i wondered feel some note who is making some small reports abt us .
hate it man another .
the only word to say abt this camp stories
i need a job to get some money to get a laptop .
i would look on their website but the crappy job search wo n't work on .
hahaha .
what the hell was that ?
it 's ' website and i feel he deserves to win .
an excellent by by home on the theme to rice .
they are the largest pieces of on the planet .
think 's they 're good , and so does .
need i say more ?
well last time i checked , getting a $ NUM , NUM anything when you are NUM , is not
in response to be 's office , the new is amazing .
having been purchased by by parent 's company , the new is essentially a .
my personal opinion is that it is one of the best cars on the street today .
okay first off i 've been just good for this ' afternoon blah .
what for now the good stuff !
go here well that 's all for now .
i 'm so sure !
it is now out on dvd .
thought you all would like to know .
i 'm incredibly sure right now so i 'd thought i 'd blog and answer ashley 's quote thingy .
i actually like looking them up and stuff .
it 's interesting to see what the english translation is .
what us to tell the truth laughing through a joke ?
by , : i do n't really get this one though .
but then , i do n't get a lot of things .
just a half of day left until we 're laid .
: i 'm so happy .
this year has n't been the best , but i 'm just glad that it 's over .
it only seemed as $ that i was walking into coffee thought .
i 'm sad to say this , but i 'm not taking by work .
even though he was the most horrible teacher , he was a good guy and he was incredibly smart .
i think that 's the website at least .
i have n't been on there in a while , but it 's really funny how they rate the .
there 's a ton on and work : i 've got ears !
it sounds worse than it is i know this sounds really nasty , but it 's all good .
i just enjoyed my teeth for the first time since last sunday .
does n't that sound disgusting ?
i 've been real careful about what i 've ate and used and some - wash mouth .
pleasant talk before i go back to the oral for a visit .
sexy like i said in sarah 's blog : work and threes are sexy .
but : no one will ever be than johnny from .
johnny depp .
we got a NUM !
how cool is that ?
my song , which with the .
now , mind you , it was by no means our best performance .
they 've just been the greatest people to work with : supportive , creative , , and a .
way to go , guys !
i can not wait !
have i found my direction in life ?
have i found what i want to do with the rest of my life ?
well , one thing 's for sure : life is good : -
yo everyone , this is my first post and i 'm here to say that green is the new .
if you ever would of thought that the little teen princess would throw the biggest fit on earth , and
i was there when she flipped out , it was totally awsome .
she finally realized that i was n't some little girl and i could take care of myself .
she was just pissed that she could never have .
she thought i was trying to steal him away from her or something , even though we are just .
and another thing , work was wondering if i still went by the nickname '' .
i had n't been called that since i left for .
i am getting used to it again , as ian is probably to me calling him . ''

shit shit shit . shit !
. i want to cry i cant stand it !
.
. i want to scream !
it has been a very long time since i have blogged anything .
lets take a look at what has happened .
NUM life work is much easier now that rad has taken off .
he went to california to see his boss and then he is going to hawaii .
then school starts for him .
he is out of my life for at least a year now .
i have to go to st .
cloud next wednesday to finish my shift .
it is just like a work class for like NUM hours .
i have really been working lately .
this coming check should have about NUM hours on it .
NUM summer is almost over .
where has it gone ?
i have spent $ $ NUM or so just on some really nice fishing stuff .
i got NUM .
then i have gone to work farm and to buy more and a new box .
but so far i have been fishing NUM times .
NUM my grandma has given me a .NUM and a bunch of other stuff that used to be .
my mom is scared to death that someone my brother will get shot .
but not feel much of a loss .
i will beat him this summer .
if only i could put away the past no no
i do n't believe in love
i never did and i never will
someone who caused me to think i was in love , .
i was too naive to fall for your how silly how i am no no .
i m not another victim of love .
i am different from others .
i do not believe in love .
i 'm sick of .
i keep all the love to myself .
all was but a lie .
i 'm as worse .
do you bear think i will really like you , you fool ?
it was but a game .
i got you and everyone .
a few hours ago , you 'd probably see a with a bed with a headache from lack of the
near tears : boredom sucks .
and now it 's not that bad .
i 'm tired , but that 's just a minor side effect .
told myself i would n't act like a how loser and go online at all , but here i am
i say that it 's been an ok day , i might as well .
in the process of getting rid of boredom , i have . yet another pencil ' rebel shirt '' .
i 've been sure it for a while , though , so i say that my .
i 'm going to wear it the day of the history hangover .
it 's comfortable , i 'm wearing it now with the tag on .
i ponder the psychology of buying on sale .
maybe their is that once is they wear it it 'll be so obviously out of season already ?
i would n't know .
but then again , retail stores need sales , and people to buy sale items .
that 's the only way they can clear off old clothing .
i like sales , and if it makes anything better i never saw this shirt in .
and yeah , now i am obviously wandering into the of the of the .
moving on , shall we ?
grandma has a taste a in orange .
one of the girls behind the counter reminded me of a girl on the real world .
meanwhile , so much pop culture has into my job .
i guess that 's what spring break does to you .
i did n't , so he called today and left a message with mom telling me to call after the
so am i to feel like an ?
he got into his , so that makes him and , at least .
except wait , i do n't know if .
k 's a neat kid , really .
i just do n't know what i 'd say to him on the phone .
maybe it 's just , i '' .
after this fish , though .
now we also have four of this , instant , !
we 'll have to wait until dinner 's over for use of the the , though .
it 's going to be interesting , no less .
it 's the last of spring time .
maybe it 's for the better , i had to take to that boredom headache .
tomorrow 's and .
include andrew , .
the is ever on getting on us all to the dinner table .
i prefer the of delay , but it is getting starts on my nerves .
tomorrow , at last i will see all my lovely loves at work .
i missed you all so .
very few things have actually worked out over this little break .
the weekend was fine .
i was in a really crazy mood for most of it .
monday - esteem 's house !
: tuesday - no bitches could make it to the .
wednesday - night , wasted some baking needs .
thursday - i could n't go to chip 's house -- .
ha , you are in this thing .
i had a piano lesson , testing my ?
damn , last night was weird .
i got out of the shower , and i felt suddenly really tired .
so i put my head down and the rest of me and i went out .
i slept like a rock for hours .
unfortunately , i had some big red in my mouth at the time , and it stayed there all .
and i had a really hard dream that i do n't remember very well , with big red in the
so , i got up at like NUM the next morning with the most awful taste in my mouth .
it felt like there was a hole in my tongue .
haha , and my journal was on the bed , which was weird .
i slept with my journal .
anyway , that shit was crazy .
i 'm just glad it did n't get on the bed or in my hair .
mary is coming home tonight for the weekend !
that should be fun .
i 'm glad i do n't have to be that cold .
i probably wo n't .
but you know something annoying ?
i left my job at work again .
and honestly , i do n't remember what the homework for the weekend is .
hahaha , not a good idea to leave stuff like that out .
at least it did n't ramble on about how i hate her class .
that would be awkward .
anyhow , know , i hope you 've enjoyed the products of how bored i 've been this week .
i 'll see you all later .
someone stole my picture on .
hah , you know i actually find it amusing .
why would anybody want to look like me ?
oh , and here 's the best part : they the picture as the . ''
* rolls eyes * yeah , whatever .
god i hope i 'm not that picky in real life .
i do n't think i can wait until the scores come out in july .
back to this loss , i suppose .
i really like this song .
i tossed heard it in a while , so it was kind of cool !
but so i am really excited for next week !
i talked to my friend today and he told me he is coming sometime next week !
and his birthday is coming up , so that will be very cool too .
what do you get a boy who is turning NUM ?
any ideas let me know .
so that will be very awesome .
also , my friend jeremy is supposed to be coming home in a week from monday today .
i havent seen him in a while .
though i do know how things are with us , i hear to wait see him nonetheless .
if only i 'd start next week work , it would be awesome .
but it is my daughter weekend , so thats cool .
so yeah , cant wait until next week .
so this past i did what is called the yes project .
it was a lot of fun , my crew and i painted the outside of this house .
it was really cool .
we were up on and painting and having fun .
i love the yes project , its so much fun .
plus i get to see people i normally keep see .
so it is very sure !
cant wait until next year .
hopefully i am a jr crew leader !
well though it is very short , i think am to about my running for evening .
im on vacation and i leave for my cottage tomorrow !
it shall be fun .
dont know when i be able to write again , but indeed soon !
* somewhere * to all of you peace !
i am yours , you are mine , you are what you are .
i am writing my job tale for .
haha , that 's been an interesting process .
i had trouble getting into it up until last night when i wrote eight pages .
i do n't think it 's this enough .
honestly , to me it seems more like a cross between my life and a teen movie .
the idea came to me in a dream i had on friday night , although i changed it a few
i took the girl 's name from the dream and the basic plot .
i have had fun with the whole thing .
i 'm still trying to tie the of the love story and the .
i 'm planning that this will longer have his her and then get into a huge fight with her .
that 'll be fun to write .
relationships are interesting to me .
like in . real women have . ''
i 'm struggling with that bit .
one thing is for sure -- i will not have it finished totally by tomorrow .
my husband will just have to deal with editing only part of the story .
i hope i can fit this thing into less than NUM pages .
i wish i had recorded that dream after i had it .
i think i will watch a movie tonight .
i probably should n't , but i really feel like it right now .
my mother is going to my cousin 's dance .
i told her i had too much homework to do , which is kind of true .
i think i 'm going to get that movie started now so that it wo n't share too late .
yeah , i 'm such a rich spoiled kid .
apparently the fire was because some kid set it to a trash can on the third floor .
and he was like , .
yesterday , showed me how to use at the library .
this the flow but i think it 's worth mentioning .
i 'm really impatient about my ipod mini , which wo n't get here for at least like a .
i 'm usually not this for , i do n't know .
for some reason , music has become more important to me in the past year or so .
here are a couple more quotes from history to finish things : any show him the dot , and the
-- it 's it like cancer , but it tastes really good . ''
-- , on msg
have you been buying songs on itunes to try to win the awesome ?
if you have n't this is in going to be the last day .
i know it is a little late but you still have the opportunity to win the grand prize .
t we had big lesson again .
but i did n't know that there was be looking a small party going on after for which .
there were snacks n drinks served too .
i brought a deck of poker cards for the lesson but we end up performing magic tricks instead !
they were quite amazed i discovered with some tricks i performed !
managed to take a few photos too visit my office .
too bad for NUM we had the party there when i loose it 's pretty messy for their lesson .
=p updates at !
really ! a lot !
in de end only , julian la , the toilet morning after me left at the durham playing with the
saw ! there too !
well anyway , i had a time time there .
i pay have to go to mr .
almost forgot hehe =p lucky jason reminded me .
my sis got from the hospital earlier than expected today !
in pretty good condition , only can not laugh too much or move too much , or the back .
still things then got ta surf around towards off to bed !
oh they , NUM more days .
thanks to all visiting my blog here !
n thanks to those who made comments here
how is this policy created by anything other than fear and ?
surely if the government was serious about the crisis ' the '' it would welcome to the .
this in turn was in response to the debate about the weekend system .
this was the site 's this and most exciting weekend and i thought at the time had a little .
unfortunately since then the site has been knocked off course by the seemingly and teacher and agent .
although their have been interesting posts since none have the same .
this is the kind of debate we 've been missing .
start posting and commenting on things you feel need talking about .
and he left his shoes at my house last time he left his phone !
he is crazy but surely he gets working at me over every night is and i understand these .
but i am to go bye bye * amanda *
i do n't know why .
i 've been watching anime .
the kids have people who care about them .
it 's just a cartoon .
i really have chosen the path of safety .
it 's right , i know it is .
but it feels so wrong .
it feels so empty .
i ca n't come out of the dark though .
i 've been in there for so long now , it 's all i know .
the light is painful , the dark is .
i wish i were someone who could just pick up and walk away .
someone less than me .
i wish i could be like spike , or .
someone who is n't me .
just pick up and walk away , and forget what i 've left behind .
the road of the .
the mind of a .
and damn you too .
here it is , NUM : NUM and i am posting for the third time today .
lots has happened since my first post i think i will . html where it will include me .
so my dad left as soon as he got the call , and he is n't back yet .
then , yet again , i went somewhere with my .
but he hurt his back putting in to his house .
and he took pills , but he did n't know that they would make him sleepy .
and i agree with him .
but then my days of sleeping until NUM will be .
oh well , i will be living it up in all the money that i will have .
and today i got more heat from my parents with my attitude .
they want me to respect them more .
why should they get my respect ?
and the fight for high speed internet was lost , my friend to me , why do n't you do
and i gave up and said that i did n't need it .
so my fight turned to cable tv .
right now i am making .
i forgot that i was making them and my boss tonight to , me james , the oven .
but who can blame me ?
i was writing this very post .
: qaida i am trying to a song i got NUM hours ago and i have played it .
my top song is last year 's by boy by sets fire .
yeah , i know , they are the big band whose cd i bought .
check out these lyrics for a different song , i found them interesting .
i suppose this is for one for day .
but NUM is only NUM hour and NUM minutes away .
and plus , my are almost done .
choose your best thing ever
it 's very true that we do n't realize our until we move away from them .
when i moved up here from north carolina , there was something different .
i could n't really describe what it was , but something in the of people of .
then i figured it out .
it 's the people .
for the most part , people living in the are more are natural . ''
like seattle is known for being , and portland is more of a area .
also , the first thing i noticed when i moved was the california pride .
i never understood what was so special about california .
it was amazing to me how many people were like , .
my response was always was your point is ? ''
to this day i have yet to figure out what is so special about california .
even given the opportunity to , i would to move to sunny so .
which brings up a whole aspect of aspect .
you would be surprised how completely different people live .
having my mom move down to california this past summer , i was completely excited to move in with .
even though they seemed like a newborn normal '' family .
i realized there is no in normal '' family .
kind of like there are no rebel normal '' people , like thomas stated .
i always thought that i just lived in the most interesting book '' family , but every family has been
i guess it 's kind of like leaving my family a couple years early .
friday was our day !
we had our field trip in kingdom . kingdom it 's like the of the philippines !
but of course , i still did n't tell my friends i was scared .
after the or vegas whatever ride , we saw the galleries !
we rode on it like NUM times !
it was friggin amazing because it was my first time to ride the galleries .
while i was !
so while they were riding the wedding and lj , i saw this ride called the space .
seeing that ride , it made me .
so with some few from the weekend of the office , i decided to ride it .
so i rode the space my three times .
after the time , my world was .
so after an hour , we went to this theatre and it was in !
the movie was so scary i was screaming inside the theatre house
it was fun and scary .
the time we went to work kingdom , i was barely wet in that ride .
so , i am figured i got wet in that ride for the first time .
the time given to us was short oh well at least on april NUM i get to ride .
happiness rate today : NUM !
hi i 'm susan .
, what up .
haha , ash , nice blog name
now what do you think of when you hear the word evil ?
i think of darkness .
what do you think of when you hear the word good ?
i think of light .
think about it one evil person can kill thousands of people , the world trade center for example .
what i am trying to get at is how can only one good or evil win ?
darkness evil light good light , in turn light up darkness .
what do we learn from this ?
how can only one win when both can defeat each other ?
they ca n't , because behind every evil mind there are loyal dedicated to the data show .
but behind every good person there are other good people that the good person up .
so there are always going to be good people and there are always going to be evil people and
but the scale tips in ones favor all the time .
and that 's why in the long run i believe good will overcome evil .
the fate of everyone is in the hands of god but god .
if they are sorry yes he does forgive them but there is one thing that i know for sure i
but my question to you is not a long one but it is one that means more than a little
what kind of a person are you ?
any questions , thoughts , comments , concerns , put 'em in the comment box !
today , as matt at lunch at , seemed really short .
french , first period , is a bad class in general , made even worse by starting the day .
and i kind of .
still , nonetheless .
i think i 'm going to do that work trip next summer , if ever .
gym was working for a change ; i kind of like grown .
i had a sandwich today .
i ate half of it before i noticed .
oh well , .
green , my teacher , said yes , if i could make one .
i think i will .
hello world , today was .
finished a little ' along the way long story !
tomorrow i should be getting my lap top , go ups .
see ya .
just reached home about NUM minutes ago .
school life is rather .
if i was like a few of my friends , it would n't be a problem .
but in my case , it 'll be quite a job to finish this book by tomorrow .
but no point putting myself through such anxiety .
what is a small of others was within credit to my physical , emotional and mental ?
basically stress .
so , in any case , i 've decided to take it easy .
after all , my life is n't about , my expectations and writing my daughter .
so i 'll just let go and let god take control .
even in thinking , getting to does n't mean i ca n't get to university .
how much more do i have to convince myself since such a reason really does make sense to me .
furthermore , god does n't look at grades .
will god love me less for not getting below NUM points for ' o ' level ?
do i need another person to act as school teachers , , etc .
for the wisdom of men is to god to .
this question i 've been a about .
what is blind faith ?
is that such a thing at all ?
is it better to be his hand with great ?
or to trust his heart with great faith ?
guess thats all so i 'll up again .
shit forgot there 's still sydney sites how can it be ?
rite so off i go wacky !
the school food actually sounds like a good idea .
or how about how it 's not healthy to have to eat within NUM minutes ?
it took me forever to decide what topic i wanted to do .
however , once i picked it seemed like good topics came up everywhere , it 's crazy how that is
i finally chose to do the benefits of activities .
it 's actually interesting how being involved in an club or sport is related to higher scores on the
it 'd be interesting to see what everyone else came up with for their junior project .
have a fun time with all the nice weather while it lasts !
well i have a few thoughts to share with you people as of right now .
second and you can find this in my profile i knew how pregnant women feel like society .
third i have figured out why guys think about sex all the time .
fourth i am happy that kim is back , and i hope to see you guys soon , just .
oh wait another thought , people should have figured out that oil prices would go up .
simple supply and demand people people .
i 've watched NUM good / funny movies now .
something 's got ta give , prom queen and about adam .
! was in the last .
he is soo cute . !
it should be believe , but it 's hilarious .
something 's got ta give is funny too -- i 'm up able for being up like .
except not as famous and beautiful .
got ta love it , man .
so anyway , i 've been doing science study notes the whole day , and i should probably continue .
what i 'm especially worried about , though , is the music playing test .
i ca n't play the office , man !
i suck .
so i 'm gon na go now .
i just arrived home minutes ago .
i went to .
i went shopping with my family .
has , saya jayr ah !
i got my new work today !
na ako .
di na ako jayr na .
saya boleh sa sa .
unfortunately , yesterday i went to this place .
i met my cousins .
they were so .
nga nga jayr rich !
, mga yung mga yun eh !
kaya sa boleh .
yun sa .
pa nga yun eh .
i pero la ako .
at first , the thought of saying goodbye to the was .
it was at the end of a long .
i pushed it out of my mind , because these were people i have known since birth .
i would lay there in my office , next to diana , and .
it was a very memorable trip , and we became closer then ever .
now they are moving to north carolina , and it all seems so sad .
then i realized , i do n't know them anymore .
i dont know them - who they are , what makes them smile , and what makes them laugh .
my job pretty much me .
and for people who do n't know about it , i put some kind of shell in front of the
i never showed them the real me , and i never came out to them .
in fear of how they would react , or losing these friends forever , i shut them out .
and i am lost them , because they lost me .
dinner proved to be something i had n't expected .
i was n't expecting to have fun , but i did .
the food was good : , .
and i laughed every single minute i spent with the post crew .
i guess i was wrong ; we both knew eachother , what makes us laugh , and smile .
we discussed the memories we had of beach wine , and of all of our inside jokes over the
NUM years of inside jokes , and memories , all and in a few hours .
it was quite the farewell .
when we left , we walked the . streets of in .
rain was still washing away the worries of everyone on the street - and we walked over to little .
the streets were closed for a festival , and the hard rain to his a smooth .
it all went down my throat smoothly .
then we hit the streets of little italy and .
i purchased a .
a finale that will seem to last forever .
but deep within our hearts , we know that distance can not the souls of the post .
my dad is having fun in the ocean while i was on land posted by hello .
mood : focused , good what i kept in mind for today : must finish this semester .
homework second homework homework homework homework homework homework homework homework homework
today was so tiring .
i had to be responsible because i 'm the director of the play , which we will use for the
, anthony and i made the costume for the NUM boys because they 're the trees in the .
we know that we ca n't count on them .
julie helped in making the wings .
it 's so hard .
i 'm not , actually .
i really enjoyed because .
today was really nice .
saturday was rather .
in the morning i went to work to spend a NUM bucks on freaks .
but the NUM games busted my office up so no activity for the next few days .
then later went to to spoil my eyes again with an hour of cs .
saw some old . friends '' there .
then went to meet up with to hear to work to watch this apparent .
all i can say about them is f * cool .
he freaking played damn with his fingers with and the to music with this the she around .
the other guys in the band were really cool too .
just that the . was the coolest .
then went to bed to play guitar freaks and .
but stupid place was so crowded .
and this idiot with about smoking .
there 's no law about smoking in an outdoor public place , so there .
then after the election selling and i finally met the gang at from .
went to eat at cafe at plaza .
ordered some seafood .
ate a bit and was quite full .
late night food is bad .
then when all of them left i went to meet to my home .
haha he said there was this girl who he into into .
then he felt bad .
ah well that 's life .
maybe i 'll go with his advice .
but you never know the real reason , eh ?
, you attached losers .
that .
dat like da day which hella sucked .
i lay we have kenny mah when we sees sold it .
finally i 'd go two sleep , * n * calls me jeremy : hey lauren ?
me : hey jeremy : hey are at all now ?
me : umm moments jeremy : are u . ?
action alas long things !
that is kind of important .
i 've thought of time a lot .
not entirely like that , but it makes sense .
but any one can time like that .
i thought of time being as longer or shorter in circumstances .
like in a car .
and what about days that feel like other days ?
like when thursday feels more where , monday and feels too you know how time flies when your .
it always doesnt do that , but it almost always !
hey guys well it is me again . !
lol who else would it be though ?
unfortunately today well at work it was kewl i guess .
oh yeah break it out my job . now ?
when i start the america sure , completely my all expectations of the person 's as is .
it 's rather this how my social life is .
no wonder i come off as !
i guess my multiple in finding in the best friend left some scars .
although i did n't want to do what i have to do in the first place .
the artist s mother has also been as the as .
the two lived almost round the corner from each other .
his first wife , , had died the previous year .
the teacher found s will , which came into force on his death in NUM .
and her younger sister later took religious work and the wedding of their lives in u-v .
has been by other for other helping to solve the ?
he presented his in a short book just published .
but with the evidence it offers , it comes pretty close .
go red sox . and !
busted busted busted !
my husband : i 'm totally , entirely , , .
gosh , when did .
the only thing i find worth watching is the fact that daniel turned out to be a total .
and it interruptions so , i was like what ?
and homer is so totally not .
they should have gotten johnny for instead !
i 'm so not watching another harry potter movie , or at least i think so !
i can see you have put a lot of thought into it .
however my seems to work too .
now that can get you depressed or you choose not to be .
there are choices everywhere in your daily routine yea ?
see what i 'm saying ?
well hey well its certain i have to have surgery in august what thats i get for my .
that 's exactly what this here blog is .
i 'm still not entirely sure why i created this .
no one will read it .
but now i 'm going to stop writing about writing .
ah , i 'm so terrible at this .
i really do n't have much of anything to noticable right now .
see this as an introduction to my blog , and expect slightly more interesting entries in the future .
right now i 'm having trouble properly my brain .
do n't you hate it when that happens ?
maybe not each entry .
maybe weekly , or something .
so anyway current
favorite color : green , mostly because i 've recently discovered a new for nature .
new good cd : .
it 's not really new , but i just started listening to it .
favorite place to be : park , probably .
most people go there for the pool but i prefer the children 's zoo and the .
reading : actually , nothing .
if anyone has this , let me know .
mood : lazy yet restless it 's a rather frustrating mood .
well , that 's all for now .
leave me some comments .
i do n't really care either way .
unfortunately , this limits my choice of topic somewhat .
i think i 'll talk about one of my favorite job objects : my understanding couch .
i have since not sat on it once .
but , i would n't want you to think of it as ' .
i 'd be interested to see your choice of literature .
bunch of ' .
come to think of it , .
i do n't know anyone who lived back then , do you ?
by your definition , would n't that make it ' ?
i might decide to use a scene from an old movie though .
i 'll keep you posted .
i got up to go to work today most everything is normal .
i got to first period and i found out that i was one point short of my exam .
that sucks a big one .
my dad is and ok guy , well until he married my .
she has this fake about her and she has convinced my dad that they need to be more .
well until another time my friends
incredibly .
i mean , why would you have a crush on someone that you didnt really like ?
i have clue .
lance , the guy that i from work from all during my at work , was there and .
and lance likes my jacket tee hee .
the other nick the one that jennifer is not going out with was hitting on me a .
it was quite amusing .
i mean , there were times when i could not breathe i was laughing so hard .
jesus man i just love that guy .
he is just stupid .
he may be smart but there are so many things that he is stupid about well , must go to
i sure am tired from around town today .
jessica 's so stupid .
i 'm sick of this lack of work .
i always bring myself down and tell myself i ca n't be what i want to be .
and here 's what i 've realized , i can .
this realization brought to you by jason , mario , and well myself .
i 'm inspired by jason 's songs and i was reading his journal , and he just goes in the
he had wo n't worry his life away '' .
i know what i want to do .
i do na want theatre so i can sing and act and dance some more .
i just want to do what i love and i can .
is n't that beautiful ?
i want na get started right now .
it 's a great day , i have keep anything to do so i 'm posting here .
i had a dentist .
i dont like the dentist .
anyhow , i think i 'll just watch a movie or something , i know what are stereotypes on .
not even any homework .
i cant draw , not in an artistic enough mood .
left my book at work .
broke the palm pilot .
dad was horribly pissed .
does n't he get it that i do n't it broken either ?
terrible mood i 'm in .
well , i finally get to play .
it 's good , it 's got a nice low sound , unlike those annoying .
it 's cold in my room .
i think i 'll keep my pants on today , it 'll be less chilled .
i want to do things this weekend , but there 's not going to be anybody here .
everyone 's away for thanksgiving .
i guess it 'll just be me , on my own .
maybe i 'll not be bored .
or maybe ben will come back before monday .
anyway , i 'd have much to do .
stupid gave us homework that requires money .
if i could drive , i 'd go to canada and ride .
maybe i wouldnt , getting back would be a bitch .
and i 'm hella bored .
you dont get how bored that makes me .
, .
i think i 'll watch the end of the two towers .
sometimes i think a lot of things would be easier if i didnt care .
but i do care , and i cant stop that .
maybe i need a life .
i hate this .
it 's horrible , i had to work thirty fucking sheets .
he didnt collect it !
stupid bastard , giving us an assignment
i 'm going to call and tell how much i hate all this crap .
i can , the guy 'll let you at NUM or so .
i 'm bored and tired .
and i 've listened to pink .
which i didnt believe possible .
hello , i 'm alex and i like to be called .
i need a hug .
so that doesnt matter .
maybe i should just go outside and freeze my ass off for a little bit , that 'll take a
i really do have anything to do .
okay , i think i 'll draw something .
like , this is taking up time , very slowly .
i think this post has now become more of a rant of sorts .
i think i want to go hang out with my friends .
i just realized how differently my circle of friends has become since last year .
it used to be me , ben , , and a few others .
ben stuck around , but it 's a bunch of seniors mostly now .
i dont know , it 's difficult to work friends from people i know .
i do know a lot of things , i 'm feeling a bit .
i think the machine needs to turn up , it 's not warm enough .
i 'm going to go draw .
it 's one of the few things i 'm good at .
and i think i figured , but everyone says it 's very good .
i know it sucks .
i 'm good at it only at times , and .
i cant draw worth anything .
yeah , you might like it , but it sucks .
i dont have anything to do .
i 'm done ranting , i 'm going to go draw .
of the day : money , pink
yeah , i drove all NUM feet down and even drove around that really tight .
i * ahem * did almost run into the , but you do n't need to mention that i have
* gasp * here comes dad
i 'm supposed to be doing a report on and the empire .
must run fast
signing off - jack the really driver .
uncle being , .
just to let u know , that last post was just creative writing .
but it did contain some truth .
here 's what is real .
i have come to a decision that can change my life .
i have to choose between two beers , and i ca n't choose .
i ca n't stand making one person sad .
the choice is that i choose no NUM for now .
unfortunately i am still sick , and i think i 'm getting worse .
why ca n't we cure it ?
NUM hours until i open presents , assuming my family gets up on time .
when are we gon na change the poll to the real one ?
are you married delicious ?
how is everyone 's book going for them ?
the great weekend is pretty good .
i thought it would be boring but i actually get into the story , although some parts of it .
the people in our discussion group were having a hard time trying to figure out .
does he represent god ?
or just a random , on watching everything ?
anyone have any ideas ?
also , we had a group .
i have to go , but i 'll come back later !
it is linked via a network to the animation provide to an the provide of the film .
more * buy .
yes , i should be at work right now .
: as i 'm writing this , on monday morning , are in ' class .
well it 's better than work .
god i have a lot of work to do .
study for english , study for , , .
i hope there is n't anything else , i do n't think i can take it , lol .
the only thing that keeps my going is my seven nation army lol .
i 'm having a weekend now .
well i luv you all , got to go .
~ * .
tuesday , june NUM , NUM highlights : ~ history was fun today .
talked about a lot of things .
~ fire drill happened at and everyone in the field again .
then , we were taught how to use the fire .
~ is angry because she did n't get the post of the president in your club .
~ had something to do after lunch .
therefore , we had free lessons since lunch because the subjects after lunch were and english .
~ oh yea , i bought a new shirt from last saturday .
i love it , it 's nice enough to me .
do you care what your mom thinks ?
but she is my mom and i have to do what she !
i aint listening to her until i get my birthday gift .
my dads house is looking alot better to me after putting up with my mom for the past NUM years
i should have lived with him every since they work .
ok , this is for you andrew , because i did not mean to confuse .
let us go back to the beginning .
in this beginning , there is a girl who once dated a boy who loved a show .
this girl watched this show once and was with a certain on the show .
she continued to watch this show , until , alas , it became an obsession .
this obsession was by a job thing called the internet .
this internet allowed her to explore the world of this show far beyond her television screen .
a .
when one in watching these . dvds '' if you will , they ?
while we were watching them , we were , we watched them yesterday , so we .
such are the wonders of the world .
rocky hopes to one day still a few , you should come too .
oh , but i suppose is the .
i need to find a new secret code * makes mental note to tell christopher * .
and if you read my post , that of just makes all of us look bad .
hugs and kisses honey , kat
did i study for my apartment final today ?
no , not really .
did i study for the stupid history thing ?
so NUM % of my apartment NUM lbs is still at risk .
but during block f tomorrow , media , i can study the whole block .
i with block g. so that 's like NUM and a half hours of studying .
plus i studied in math today .
so i should be alright .
be prepared for royal bitch session after school tomorrow .
a very very long math final .
i did watch the sound of music today .
and a bunch of music videos and the last hour of miss .
it was on .
the hills are alive . alive ! ''
consequently and i hope to convince the drama teacher that a musical is a big idea for next year .
however , there are very few people willing to sing and dance .
only has to have a great voice .
i think we should push for that one .
unless of course i think of something better .
time to make lunch and to beauty sleep .
you know , someone said that to me today , and i was thinking .
anyone on yes , you are , you know are so funny .
do you write your own material ?
because that is so fresh .
i 've never heard anyone reference that outside the program before .
and yet you 've taken that and used it out of context to insult me in this everyday situation .
what a clever person you must be to come up with a joke like that .
because you know i 'm here .
god , you are so funny . ''
from family from guy originally said this , but this actually did happen and that is exactly what i have
u say that im bitter ?
well u know my ?
its the people out there that causes me to become bitter and a cranky piss head .
i was fine before i met you wasnt i ?
smile though your heart is aching ; smile even though it 's breaking .
when there are clouds in the sky , you 'll get by .
light up your face with , hide every of sadness of .
you 'll find that life is still worthwhile , if you just smile .
that 's the time you must keep on trying , smile , what 's the use of crying ?
you 'll find that life is still worthwhile if you just smile
and this one time at band camp
i stuck a job , , brand in my pussy .
ok first maybe you need to know a little about me before i begin posting .
i 'm , and i have NUM days of grade left that 's counting today .
oh whew i 'm excited !
anyway god has already given me my calling , and that is to be worship leader .
now if you knew me personally you would probably be as as i was when i first received .
but god told me to do it so i will be ?
so right now i 'm learning all i can about singing and music period .
i 've been playing piano for about NUM years , so i know a good bit about music .
in fact i might be teaching some beginning lessons this summer .
i also have a place in NUM weeks that i 'm really nervous about .
so i 'm sure that if your going to be reading my blog frequently then you 'll be hearing .
anyway i guess i 've pretty much covered all there is about me .
i have another blog where i just write about my day and stuff .
god 's work is what i call it .
you can check it out if you want .
so that 's pretty much it .
i 'll be posting affliction about something exciting .
more like the vs jason on
i do n't want to talk about it .
i am so glad to be home .
i 'm leaving again tomorrow morning and will get back sunday afternoon !
i am so excited , anxious , nervous , curious , worried about what , if anything , i have
our trip yay !
i am finally updating this , schools been kind of busy and i 've been extremely , so i was
numbers to map , just for a visual NUM .
so around NUM years on monday glass and i split and headed to .
was n't until the drive home so just hold on NUM .
we pull off in to office , whose name is completely , here if you know what i have to
we decided to go to .
nothing like and giant to put you in a good mood !
that night we went out to dinner and then saw a movie .
the next morning we left around NUM , and the weather was still pretty bad we stopped in NUM .
scroll again and at the NUM .
i must admit , i felt better today than i did yesterday .
plus , american idol has started here , finally , lol .
i love watching the shows at the beginning of a series : all the bad , the worse , and
i hope it 's gon na be as good as last season .
i think i 'll just get to bed early tonight .
today i was on .
i love those guys so much .
i would protect them with my life .
i 'd be sure , but then again , i 'd also be to know the change after the .
i laughed so hard !
good times with .
my email is @
my last week really starting last night .
and the birthday party , yeah it 's tough being mean , oh and i have to buy .
boy , it has been a long time since i have posted !
i am so happy , work is over next friday , and we get our job tomorrow !
i am just so overly .
, and some projects .
i want to start one for a few reasons : NUM .
republicans and other conservatives have little chance to express their voice in my extremely liberal school .
the only problem is i am a little on heading on the club .
however , i think that they may only apply to work and not to a public school .
am i right ?
well , anyway , i also downloaded a bunch of stuff !
go bush . !
i am praying always for his .
i know he is the only to choice we have !
well , not too much else to say
in christ jesus , sarah
i 'd rather not be dog for christmas , something i just noticed that was published on the .
i do like all sorts of kitty treats you find at almost any store .
small group was a great adventure .
her house is way cool bi the way .
the car trip was interesting .
the presence of mel always helps .
hehe , that made them open up .
it was quite .
l women been pregnant to stare at me in the most scary way .
a face that is now gon na be dreams mi !
she thought they were gon na her .
the small group discussion got a bit off the topic most of the time , but it was still .
we had a lot of discussion on it .
we shared things together , such as helen 's journey to god , the room all this all .
it was quite a room .
it was totally cool .
man , i 'm not going very well , but just trust me that they were big words !
but i did n't get one .
that 's because helen said that i was still on my journey and i would have one in time .
and what we learned on sunday saturday night was good however but it was n't actually a word , i
you probably do n't .
the night was totally fun .
, and , .
, to and to work .
small group tonight kinda helped me to how lucky i am .
and i have god , the best of all !
so now i can put things into perspective .
i mean , sure , i 'm not gon na get everything i want .
but at least now i can be happy with what i have .
i just got back from the mission trip .
i am like , happy !
i just found out that jon likes me , and a guy that i met , brian likes me .
i like a lot , but i thought with no moment , but i like this better much .
but i would go out with jon . the law school , but not .
there would be fine , but i would n't like summer relationships with a guy at my school .
i sat on the bed with him , next to him all night !
and we like , slept next to eachother , and his head was like , an inch from my
i did n't want to see him up to move it , but it was !
. i am confused !
i hate mixed feelings !
like , i have mixed feelings about jon , i mean , i like him , but i have to
if i did n't , then things would change .
i have to go !
ah well that then brings back the question about technology that max said .
i personally do n't think the is too is much overall .
its more down to finding the time to cope with it .
i for one can not cope at the moment what with the coming up .
i have a NUM hour art exam this friday and i do n't have a clue what i 'm going
a NUM a hour exam next wednesday and no idea what i am doing .
plus general studies which i do n't have any as to what will happen .
the hand .
ideally , homer lady '' haha , the month started out great !
i saw him for the first time in NUM months at the bar of course and i have to be
he really pissed me off with his little but whatever .
it was a fun day with , work and .
we saw .
school went on as usually not really much change .
she was really fun and we got to be friends really really fast .
.
: can you say ?
it was the .
i saw chris and gullible really funny guy from the there with .
time came later after !
know 's dad is awesome !
well back to i let him borrow my shirt for no reason since he had a .
i didnt forward i get it back until it !
well he has them for other years people while wearing my shirt !
so we wandered and i saw elizabeth and depp and and and who has van !
the coolest math teacher from !
the fireworks were magical .
it was pretty .
and i wasnt that far from the rest of the so yeah it was great .
: - lol !
on the way these cars .
and then at the gas station i swear something was in those !
the fireworks weekend was great .
second weekend : !
i slept all weekend it was great !
school was getting more and more fun !
weekend : .
this weekend was kinda lame .
i met tara at the ! game and sat with and work and tara and katy and .
it was all good .
then .
after the .
damn he am outta my process presence - : !
well yeah , then work , !
lol then i
but it was tina 's fault !
, and began left and so i went with and by back to the game .
that was the first time i saw chris , .
well he was um .
well i saw a little bit a before half the time of the in game .
annie and were there too !
god i love annie !
but i doubt he .
thats like all they do .
well at least .
elizabeth and me chilled in the , or how ever you spell it , by the pool !
i got .
the leading up to our errands were great !
and the the rally was awesome .
everyone wanted jeff .
but to support some and i made up some mirror mirror up on the wall , damn jeff .
if i were seeing teddy , i would want him mine !
the last weekend : our !
it was fucking awesome !
and .
so homer and i met !
we walk in and see tara and ! sitting up in the stands .
we got back for the second half of the game and came running over all .
scroll i need help with the humor . '' !
she said , will be you help ? ''
so patrick is like . yeah ! ''
and we 're like .
and he 's like am remember that time '' .
but we have up going because is the coolest and patrick is cute underneath it all .
, the stupid butt hole , and his other got on their float ours was .
ha ha ha ice the irish !
so sleeper and then we would to our side and woot woot !
but they put he !
it was so much fun !
well it is night and we all talked and then i left to another dance with them at the
i dressed in curly rebel clothing and my new from hat !
i got to the dance and found work and we and all we went in to the dance .
i really do pay off well the dance was fun .
lots of freak dancing !
i had fun .
slow dance shout heidi NUM : !
and um who else did i dance with ?
woot woot !
it started fun and ended fantastic on halloween when we all went over to work 's by .
halloween was great from beginning to end .
i got pictures of everyone including sexy as an bunny a outta hat and a amber + by the
i didnt have to dress in sauce cause of the costume .
i was where boy !
it was great and wonder long was crazy and we didnt really do anything .
that was the first of this 's parties !
i met a lot of people at that party it was really cool halloween the last night .
it feels like somethin 's ' up !
lol good friday was n't very good after all .
bought a pair of with weekend .
some
i just got done watching various parts of the simpsons season four .
i must say , matt put a job with love of into that dvd .
i really loved listening to the commentary , and watching the bush vs .
the simpsons on disc one .
boy did put up a fight back then .
song of the moment : the - big star
i do n't know why such small things mean so much to me .
- NUM days and NUM nights
it was pretty good .
last night i challenged him to a - match , and he accepted .
i really want to do this hunt hunt with you guys .
i may be driving my grandpa 's old truck , just to put miles on it before my grandma .
i like the truck and it goes pretty fast .
also this monday i think i may be at my cabin .
i got a .NUM and cant wait to shoot stuff with it .
let me know when the hunt hunt is , if you decide to do it .
i have a car and video camera at my side .
ran to an wall , getting a , what do you want ? ''
she took a great position .
it 's my birthday in like NUM days or something !
well anyways nobody has left me any shout in a while in and that makes me sad : .
i dont have any homework today which is good .
well thats really all very many plans that me and adam got our boss this important here the time .
normal people call this .
do n't learn german .
just make sure all the kids you am behind those eyes of yours is healthy .
famous in television : the , and the mrs. king , burns burns .
sorry . !
.
.
.
.
. to a better person i received change d whole of myself !
.
i 've got another graphics card for my pc so i can have a monitor setup monitor .
it 's really strange having a desktop twice the of your normal one !
i also had my first driving lesson today , which was awesome .
driving seems to be so much easier than i imagined .
well if things didnt already suck , they 're getting worse .
i ca n't even think right now .
my mind is so twisted .
i do n't know what to do but i know i have to be there for her .
i 'm going to the hospital soon when my sister comes and gets me , sandra 's coming too .
this shit is just so crazy !
i mean , come on , these things are n't supposed happen .
i 'm like in a job right now .
well i 'm going to go .
~ * * * ~
i am bored , so i feel like writing , but i do n't know what about .
in most blogs or , people just talk about what they did , or who they hung out .
however , i do n't read those type of internet .
i read the ones with substance .
like 's or this 's .
but get this : both of their computers are broke and therefore i am without any fun without journals .
or comments on my blog .
because thats who commented : and .
those were happy times .
america too on technology ?
it just means i am bored and have nothing to talk about .
so , here goes : NUM .
get 's present NUM .
go to drug store : get shampoo , .
i just like saying that word .
and this one : !
* .
wow this is the funniest site in the world !
life is kinda short you can be dead in a blink of an eye .
it 's kinda scary though
this only shows that we are such creatures creatures .
i an accident an today
i saw this old lady .
she was crossing the road after doing her marketing .
then , in the middle of the road , a . taxi passed .
with her head facing the sky then , the taxi ?
i immediately called the weekend .
from this , we can see that we are such creatures creatures .
in a blink of an eye , we may be dead .
it also shows that we are such creatures .
we only care about our own .
just like the taxi driver and his wife who seems off .
they could have helped by checking if the old lady was still alive or not , but , they have
thinking of only themselves .
is this what we should really be ?
is this what god created us to be ?
humanity itself is full of flaws what i wish for now is to be able to sleep without the
i saw how a person died today .
it 's not like watching the television , as it is the real thing .
i really wished that i did not see that incident today .
it just keeps on in my mind .
it wo n't stop .
i really wish that it would just stop
i wish that it would all just go away
i wished that it would just leave me alone go away .
they can have my gun when they may it from my cold dead fingers
a rare breakdown by followed however , as he let great pull even at .
after losing , andy wiped away his tears and accepted the in style in with the .
following the match .
i threw the kitchen sink at him , but he went to the bathroom and got a tub , and
the is i going to have to start winning some of them to call it a . ''
scroll said he wanted to see what wore at the .
will it will be short ?
is it going to be long ?
disappointed i wo n't get to see that , '' .
i had i just sneak in and crash the party .
i 'll bring the beer , man .
let 's go . ''
my name is .
and when i grow up .
im going to win the lottery .
much love , work .
NUM : NUM : NUM am : do n't honestly think u can reason with me .
and .
bill left me at NUM : NUM and its been like NUM hours .
he promised food , and he n't come back yet .
if he does n't show up soon i will go crazy .
i 'm going to go fight the cat for some of his little treat .
ok i ask you what is friendship ?
friendship is when people care about each other , help each other , and support you and sometimes save the
they know your strong qualities and your weak qualities , and they help you to make the weak qualities .
right now one of my friends have crossed it .
i 'm not going to say who but if this person to be reading this they will know .
this friend has always been best friends with me since third grade .
we get in fights sometimes but make up in like a second .
i am going to refer to this person as the goat .
but my friend whom i am just a tad bit with is getting to be where she is about it
they are not things that be friends '' should do !
well guess what , it is not funny .
i , quite frankly , am fed up and tired of dealing with it .
and if it continues than this this friend '' and i are going to have some problems .
my cross , is beautiful and if you have a problem with me being a religious person then that is
well this anthony does not deal with people like you so get your priorities in order !
i 'm tired .
it 's hot in my room .
it was only about NUM degrees today is * is talking .
haha and then we walked down to to get cleared .
well , in my case , i fell down the stairs i can not go down stairs .
it hurts too bad .
stupid big toe just ran faster and faster down the stairs you smell !
so then we see and i fell asleep .
then i across .
then i sat here and watched tv and did nothing .
and there 's my story .
* isk * sorry !
sneak look at the development development
i 'm doing it alone , unless you 're offering your services .
ive been slacking a bit on the posting well oh , not too many this reads anyway .
what type are you ?
the entire argument makes me makes mad .
do people not get that was ?
that he was trying to make a statement with .
and also , the '' was used was back then , and it was the common word for the
NUM years from now , what if black '' black is not be correct ?
will they 're all the books written in present day , to work .
these people make me so mad .
i found the movie very funny .
anyway the .
final grade : b , i robot , : i robot stared will smith in a .
the movie was based in NUM i believe .
the movie was about a robot company gone bad .
well long story short is of course killed by , as , .
the movie overall n't as as i it would be .
final grade : that 's it for now stay for tomorrow 's episode .
i 'm andrew .
so long america online .
what 's your favorite pin , la , .
picture of bush no , really , i 'm telling the truth this time !
bush lied , people died more trees , less bush : how dumb is too dumb ?
's sidenote : a village in texas has lost its idiot if you 're not the , you .
no one died when clinton lied - they 've got better hair !
this is an excellent site : .
tons of liberal , , buttons .
i 'm gon na have to bug my parents about these the made up this .
finally i 'm NUM . NUM !
i am so happy kinda laid for making me for a card and the ppl who is the .
i know we 've all been there , to that place when you feel so lost .
things just get turned upside down , all the lines get .
those days when you feel , totally out of control .
when nothing makes sense , and your not completely whole .
you know why , you feel the way you do .
you constantly wonder , but have a clue .
everyone seems fine yet , you feel so confused .
you feel , believe , and .
you cant control these feelings , or make them go away .
we all have to deal , with our not so great days !
it 's been a crazy week !
but , now , it is finished .
that makes me happy .
i wo n't go into all the details of what made this week crazy , just know that it 's
in other news : us that is the best class ever !
all of you who are taking next year are missing out on .
because i my paper in NUM days early , i have my first endeavor cocktails .
NUM hours sitting at the computer really works !
i got a NUM % .
woohoo .
that makes me so incredibly happy !
then we did our presentation .
he also said that this project this presentation would be a hard one for the other groups to beat .
he also said , you should n't be worried about your grades at all . ''
this makes me happy !
: yay for a wonderful end to us history !
mom got her tooth pulled last night .
it was , as she called it , the first one behind the one the on the side on the
well , she had to have someone take her , because she was given not only .
she said that my father offered to do it , because he was coming to get to date and my
unfortunately , i got home from work and i was working on a experiment chemistry in the kitchen , and
guess who she invited in ?
so i stayed in the kitchen working .
actually , at this point , i was a spoon a a spoon against a huge block of .
unfortunately , my dad was reading out loud what my mother could and could not have to how and
and do n't even ask if i was nice .
i was n't mean .
yeah , so i sat there , listened , and even , * gasp * asked questions .
i then was talking to mom about how i on myself today in hawaii in .
i even included him in the conversation .
and then the chris got home and he and the kids left .
i finally talked to him , and it only took me NUM months !
that 's the short version .
the long version is quite long , and i do n't want to get into it .
ah , then to all the aching sushi people , except sadly , for you are not here .
in case non of you read notes please read and : .
this is michael over at .
we 've got a couple of this coming up and would love to have you guys there .
unless you 're .
there are others if that does n't work out . ''
well , that 's all .
no time to say hello , goodbye !
i m late , i wonder saturday , i m late !
unfortunately i 'd so that was good .
and over spring break i got a job mouse and pen and the case i wanted for the .
i figured my average bed time was NUM : and average sleep time was NUM hours .
anyways so far this week its all cool .
i started learning in my graphics class personally i do n't really care for it .
i have a project in history this which is going to be easy .
all i have to do is stand in front of the area for a while taking about the second .
have chemistry test friday that could become very interesting .
also !
anyways added some new stock photos to the gallery and also i reached NUM songs on my ipod as a
well until next time .
shakespeare and his c o matters .
want the know today .
i ate a .
during giant i had chicken , , a teddy and chocolate milk .
then after the game , back in the office work i had instant noodles , teddy chips and .
i am .
i miss you so much .
you know , thinking about the time i spent at your place makes me really happy ?
i never thought i 'd ever have a chance to spend so much time with you .
or rather , i expected your mom to hang around a lot , so we would n't get a little
i guess that was probably one of the civil hours of my life .
and your house is really huge .
and it 's nicely .
one does n't wonder why i do n't enjoy going home .
and the world 's just turning and no one sees what , love ?
; and now 's time for us .
maybe forever , seconds into minutes into hours into days .
hah , attention .
and you hold my hand it makes me want to cry just being with you .
so maybe i 'm just down there and i do n't know why you love me anyway but you .
i 've always loved you ; and i know i always will .
i 'm so thought i think i shall die nonsense one day .
that does n't matter .
being random is fun .
you know when i miss you , i think about how you love me and it all gets better .
but other times when i 'm really down i get more upset and i 'll start .
whenever i think of you now , it just feels so funny and warm and fuzzy knowing that you have
do n't over the video on them too ?
just get it over and done with tonight , and make sure last minute stuff like that does n't have
i wish i could fall asleep in your arms again .
hey that 's the second wish in my life that 's come true ?
want i 'm so silly .
i 'll do go a little of the home home research paper now ?
some NUM word essay on diet and heart disease .
who cares if heart get for up .
do n't eat too much chicken rice and everything will be .
bye baby , i love you .
why wont it stop raining .
it has been raining all week and im sick of it . !
sorry i like rain sometimes , but not seven in a row .
i told him i would do it later when it was cooler .
it was just way too hot out .
i did , and parked extremely well !
crying , crying - worker i watched the michael jackson movie on today .
the ending of the movie really sucked too .
yeah , so later on i went and washed the cars .
and then it started raining and i figure the lawn .
then the .
who doesnt . ?
indiana the drum major for major .
is n't he .
he is hot hahaha
he plays the office .
i began i think he is acting gay .
haha if he is i am going chase after him .
happy birthday . your a little for this attempt and i will love you always and forever .
last night i went to for her birthday with all of her friends and it was a lot .
today was a good day .
i grabbed a and she stressed and pulled them into the other direction so that we could follow those kids
if we walked slow then they would slow down and if we stopped so did then .
we ended up getting in the line for tickets before them and then they went .
i talked to mike for a long time , and he turned out to be a really nice guy .
they are staying until next saturday , which is perfect because she and i are leaving for florida on the
at least tomorrow i am going to the which will sort of keep my mind off it .
well i am gon na go to bed cause i have an early morning love you hope .
hi for n e one other than me reading this .
i think i 'm gon na use this as a journal sort of thing .
so i needed my own so i decided to make one .
i 'm hoping it will be good for me .
i like typing better than writing , so maybe i 'll vent more often instead of keeping it all .
well i guess that 's it for my first post .
i just need to keep this in mind .
somebody once said that , when doing anything , start at the beginning .
when you get to the end , stop . ''
that 's what i 'll do here will in my brief bio .
i ' l skip over the less important stuff and tell you only what 's for you to be .
i was born in work on january NUM , in the wtc NUM .
i take after my father in many ways - he and i both love and fantasy stuff and .
classic rock , too .
my mother loves reading as well , and introduced me to stephen king 's works .
i 'm also working on writing a movie , a western .
no , you ca n't be in it .
been single all my life , been on one date .
the girl was on some sort of drug , i think .
nobody 's that friggin ' hyper unless they 've had a whole pot of .
i like cats more than dogs , but i do love dogs quite a bit .
played a lot today .
plus , there 's that fear of west .
i thought this would in him a !
david and i have been doing the whole dialogue lately .
scroll all in favor of taking a man vote , say ' . ''
we have some taken a man vote . ''
we have a . ''
it 's awesome , opening foods up here .
i just explained to the the streets of this creek music videos .
homer did n't a girl get hit by a car in one of their videos ? ''
no man , that was . ''
his oh . ''
i left out this and this side .
jonathan figured out how the . works , so we kiss his feet .
i 've hooked up and tivo boxes in my day .
daniel 's ! us right now .
he quit his job with notice , and he 's in his last week .
wants to send himself off right .
i like missed my dead like me .
and it was a new episode !
that 's what work sites are for .
that reminds me : there 's no internet up here .
i 'm gon na die .
not enough people say it these days .
well , i 'm going to write my stories , so i 'll close .
august NUM , NUM - .
/ jamie current mood : quote of the day : you laugh because i am different .
i laugh because you are all the same .
's shirt ah , yes .
the wisdom of .
is it just me , or has someone put a curse on the lakers ?
the lakers need to parade a goat around the office center like cubs did , or something .
i like the mountains kind of .
it feels like it has n't changed since when the found it .
everything 's to nature , there are natural wonders everywhere
i do n't know .
it 's just cool .
today is tuesday , and so we went out for ' something to do .
he 's starting to show the symptoms of being the youngest child .
nothing unique and and about it at all .
they had a freaking salad bar and machine !
the did not have the luxury of !
or may work with durham tv , . grandpa !
i swear , you will never see so many in one spot in your whole life .
and i did n't know that made noise .
it almost sounds like a little .
we went ice skating down at the ice castle , some place where michelle used to train .
i was pretty good at it , i , i was better than everybody else .
i could n't really corner ; gave me problems .
and since it was a training center , they never played hockey there and so there were no handy .
david totally bit it about five minutes into it and now that he has a .
the place closed at NUM : NUM and we were the last ones out .
san looks so awesome from the highway , i wish i got a picture .
i 've got to sleep .
big day of packing tomorrow .
before we go , i hope to head to the house of at the bottom of the neighborhood of the
homer is so good , man .
you have no idea .
always listen , molly ps : the night store here out is so awesome .
if i was n't so afraid of west from , i could just at the sky for hours .
pictures . . !
this is our cabin .
we fit eight people in there , yep we did .
oh god , my hair was so flat .
butt rock . !
the and more to go ice castle
i am so so so so so so so so so so .
it 's so cold and rainy up here .
i 'm really really and i have nothing to do .
hey , if you all have some free time download these songs !
talk to you all later ,
taking a step back it feels like rebel is coming to this whole situation .
but looking back on it all , this ending everyone .
i 've stepped back and looked at the whole picture , and i like what it looks like .
it 's a good ending , and still just a beginning ; -
he was like full on pro .
that all from me start told .
i 'm amazed at how light out it is , and how a bunch of people are already showing up
i 'm not tired enough to get more sleep , so we play a bunch of cards on the
driving by discovery middle school in alex , i see the time is NUM : NUM .
the guys are getting just ready to say the pledge , and we 're already in soothe .
i got a large .
upon getting back to discovery , we stepped out and saw our breath .
yeah , it 's the of may we hit some balls and .
heading to our office , i feel drops of water .
we head to the high school and wait no less than three hours while individuals are for wednesday .
this was . followed by me rushing up to chemistry in the nick of time to absolutely bomb the
i 'm hoping the final will push my grade through at an .
the halo .
the flag the would be much more even although i 'm still scared even of this .
i had that i all americans would realize that american politics is world politics . ''
it was awesome to say the least .
i took out to dinner out tonight for his birthday , we ate much food it was ridiculous .
swimming starts tomorrow , i 'm really excited , spent monday started and so its freaking easy i was .
i did a grand total of NUM hours of work today , gosh i love .
the other day , i tried to pee like a guy !
it was hard !
i did n't have to grab my job or anything , i just pulled down my pants , i 'm
but i was too afraid i would hear all over the place , so i out at the .
so , i made it easier by starting at a position sitting and then !
when it was over , i had a job sense of pride , at something so something .
i am like a guy !
how awesome is that ?
and i did n't believe on the seat or anything .
if you are female , then i urge you to give it a try !
and the warmth warmth inside is released into my life '' , the day the hey day .
last night was really nice i talked to and phil on the phone for like hours .
and it made me really happy to talk to again , and we made plans for wednesday .
i 've missed her so much this summer , even tho i love the rest of my friends !
tonight i have a local game for jean .
you know , actually , i can honestly say that i 've never seen on a menu .
's story nick is name now ? ''
, i need some excitement in my life , either that or a job !
maybe both will happen at the same time ?
i hope they do , i am some dinner want so now i will go .
welcome to my new job , picture of the week !
today , it started out me and .
i also proved that i can , in fact , be a good person .
i had a dream last night that everyone got hooked up to a machine .
some kind of about a picture out a on the wall of the classroom .
my friend allison had gone first , and the teacher was explaining to us that this machine showed a
it was kind of weird but really cool at the same time .
allison 's soul soul was up on the wall .
these blue waves rolled across the office , and the little .
everyone else in the area need , and finally it came to me .
the doctor told me to think of something that made me happy
but there was nothing there .
it was all still white , and she was only smiling because the thing i thought of of the
there was nothing there .
when i woke up i felt dead .
congratulations you have made the blog work .
your writing is interesting and work .
ryan great insight i would love for john kerry to embrace as his running mate .
would n't that be an interesting team .
however , through the .
the history of america has been a struggle to define ourselves .
every step of the way issues , beliefs , and have been challenged .
howard has an interesting book called '' you ca n't stay on a moving train !
he makes a great point .
it is nearly impossible to be completely ? based on your life experiences .
however , i do think it is important to challenge yourself to think , listen and learn .
no one has all the answers are how you doing on your republican v. republican pun ?
can you share some interesting websites ?
also i wanted to remind you about the ultrasound party tomorrow night .
it should be fun .
bring a shirt , a and dessert you may want to team up with a couple people .
good work your blog is enjoyable to read keep it interesting and .
many of you seem mature beyond your years .
hello people im insanely bored out of my mind at the moment .
oh my god is such a hole at night at i can believe it !
it was .
oh and then after we met them we all went and played pool .
yeah then we 'll see and saw me which was wicked !
and then we 'll work yesterday on dinner over the weekend and we stayed up talking about time .
we !
then last night i went to party which was time .
but i do know i get the feeling that my friends would very me very much .
i dont i guess this changed .
anyway i do they think like me being !
but she 'd hear me anyway becuase she fell asleep .
but she 'd get hold of .
so yeah oh im having a party next weekend and they be going to be .
i have to email everyone from the details .
anyway better go email the details luv
as for the vampire .
is that like that book sa up or something ?
once upon a time , there was a soldier pencil with long .
joel at the sight , .
the soldier soldier said , do n't worry be , sure , man ! ''
two days later , at the office , joel started experiencing the symptoms of the cold .
the two .
i forgot the sugar !
i 'll go get it .
i shall return . ''
joel .
he thought , .
and failed to mention the incident to matt upon his return .
his secretary asked whether to put some , and matt happily her cup a cup .
soon enough , the vast majority of the floor of the building had had coffee from the pot .
he has a sample of the coffee and work it under a powerful .
joel initially had NUM years to in him .
assume that NUM % of the spoon wound up in the coffee pot .
i : bob this and the common cold and yes , i do claim a on this .
do n't steal my problem !
i have a mean cat to hurt you if you do !
i am such an idiot .
y do i work so much into a person ?
havent i learnt by now that it 's never worth it ?
god , she just ruined my entire afternoon - wtf 's up .
how da f does dat work ?
god she pisses me off .
if .
yeah , i dun listen - .
ok enough anger wah ?
oh yeah .
java returned my job !
another reason i kinda dislike small , they 're too with their goddamn through service .
, just not for me .
- spring break is so close , just one more week and then we get another week off .
i feel bad now .
so , health friend not named , because the stupid fucking does n't know what the hell .
actual name : .
sorry about that oh .
and look proud of yourself or at least like you know what they 're talking about .
what NUM do , what NUM do
i just got back from the tennis match against i won .
unfortunately , my husband turned the big NUM today !
it 's still there .
it 's still there .
it 's still there .
what did you do to make it work ?
music has always come first in my life .
i grew up playing music , i still play music , i 'm always thinking music .
it is forced and .
's more than one way to say what you want , but there is always one way best .
only concerned with what is necessary .
are meaningless and only naive the naive .
does not matter .
it is simply .
you control your music , do not let the rules of your music control you .
is no breaking tradition , there is only evolution .
there was a point when tradition was n't tradition .
there are people who want to keep it , but at one point was n't tradition .
people like and bird were really it .
ask his how can i learn to better ? ''
-- they do n't realize that they most likely that question .
when you do think about it it 's like walking ; when you think about walking you trip .
i could go on and on with this music is a language , as any other language .
from being a musician , from following these rules , i am able to find my voice .
i take this same approach to my other native language , english .
when i write and talk , in most cases i try to use english the way i have to be
i try to be musical .
the most important thing is -- am -- i am saying what truly feel ?
am i saying what i truly mean -- without work all other skill , all other of the are .
speak from your heart and hit them in their soul .
with music you ca n't just go back and what you just played , nor should you if you have
it 's about the moment , as cheesy as that sounds .
it 's about how you feel and what made you feel that way , right in the context of the
that is why NUM % of all my first night end up being my final copies .
there is a place for and there is a place for .
for instance : a jazz concert is no place for the to get up and take a .
however , there are where what where you say or write can and should be terribly out .
doing this can work to or what you are trying to say .
it 's like how many heavy metal bands this made .
it makes for a more profound effect .
finally , and most importantly to my style is my use of grammar and .
it makes things sound and adds a weekend .
but , i never intend to sound .
busted busted busted !
as you see in the post below , donna is leaving us for a trip to india .
returning to the campaign on friday seemed almost calm in comparison .
i have responsibilities that do n't go away when i need to go on vacation .
jobs that people depend on me to complete in a manner manner .
jobs that make people register my absence when i 've been away for a few days .
besides the higher degree of responsibility , i feel that there 's a higher degree of trust .
this is what is allowing me to learn about how politics happen , behind the news and spin .
something that will make a real difference for all washington 's citizens for as far into the future as i
random quote : no , there arent stupid questions .
well , im really little more than . right now .
hearing it from the parents about not going didnt set me off as it probably would have months ago .
this time , it was like throwing on my fire .
i didnt take it out on anything , just held it in .
i was beyond mad , but my job didnt show anything .
besides , i had hanging in the balance and i didnt want to that .
the response was obvious , and left me wondering why i dreamt about that when i woke up .
of course , the official racing season began today , with winning a month .
kevin led the first NUM laps , a boring NUM at that , but at least kevin was the
the second the rule , and so .
the fools already been put on years before for stupid driving and should never have gotten off it .
thats all i have to noticable about that .
as far as tomorrow goes i may as well pick or .
a car , i suppose , will win .
take last year , for example .
winner : the jr .
dark horse : of course , .
hes been the surprise of the week , and got hes a car .
he skipped the final practice , the car was so good .
the big one : i had between twelve and korea cars involved in the wreck , if it does n't
* prize amount may not necessarily exist .
* sigh * alicia stayed the night .
unfortunately it was me , , alicia , and , jessica !
we went to swearing pond and omg my job .
* i thought my car was been waiting like roll away from me or poor it was before on the
anyways we parked by the golf course and unfortunately we walked the way to the !
took us forever but we finally got there !
i was like we 'll never find him !
sure .
i was like ahh !
hah it was funny !
anyways we layed the blanket down and we all sat on it and watched the 1st drinking comes !
and listened to southern flight play .
when he got back he had for and .
jess and have like got in a car or ?
i dont quite understand that situation !
: i hope we get to share out tomorrow .
things have been a local rocky lately but hopefully things are gettin back to normal !
he loves me and i love him more than anything ; heheh !
i prolly need some sleep considering i only got $ NUM hours in !
slept till NUM today , quite nice , felt good .
did everything i had on my do list ' yes i actually made a list except .
oh well i 'll put it off for yet another day .
saw charles angels with greg and ian .
it pretty much sucked compared to the first one , too much stuff and too much slow motion .
and a lot more booty .
although i must say the dude with the ?
and what was the kid from holes doing in it ?
anyway , afterwards we hung around knitting with patrick and jon .
tomorrow i work all day and leaves vegas for NUM weeks .
all what happens in ones life .
change .
people , places , features almost everything !
i , for one , had changed in the past years .
i realized i 've changed since the day i first entered .
it came to me that now i 've grown up .
i became taller , became smarter , smarter '' became different !
my personality , for example , is really different from before .
outgoing , friendly , .
that was me before .
now , i 'm shy , kinda friendly , kinda girly girl .
look what change can do to a person .
homer become a student of change .
it is the only thing that will remain constant . ''
that 's really true .
but we should at least think before we act .
think of the consequences that may happen if you 'll change something .
it may be bad or may be good .
but as for me , i really did n't see that i was changing .
it did n't notice that i was changing .
it just came to me that i was not the same as before .
everytime a flower grows it changes just like me .
but , this change does n't stop there .
it continues growing until it .
for me , i 'm still a closed bud waiting to bloom and then in the end .
but this kind of life is useless without the sun , water and i have home in .
these things are someone important to me .
meaning , my loved one .
i ca n't just and die without being loved .
its going to be a hard life from here on out .
at least thats what i think .
but maybe things will get easier .
and if they do n't get fine with things the way they are .
i guess i was getting married by kids for not being a good coach and trying hard to fit .
that sounds about right to me .
i heard alot of funny stories today but you know they need my cook probably so not as it .
joey is coming into town but coming take late late at night so i dont think ill see him .
thats kind of weird .
but should be alright .
it is so very hot in here .
all over the place .
i really need to get my ac unit in i 'm sweating up a storm here .
i made a map for work but it turned out like a big version of the island island .
i 'm going into boston to see an email on something about the japanese and and .
afterwards we 're gon na hang about plaza and the .
well , i would have gotten the first question right
anyway , , tom suggested i talk to you about taking his place in the district this coming .
hope to hear from you soon and to everyone else , good luck monday !
i am so tired .
my legs are really .
i just woke up from a nap .
he gave me $ NUM today and said he 'd give me the rest tomorrow , which i work .
tomorrow should be easy interested , only a couple of hours , .
anyway , i 'm sure someone take me out .
i do n't know what the next topic is .
we just took a test , so we have n't gotten to cover anything
but i 'm sure that 'll change
magical magical here '' , there got it wrong d. somehow the very one that the child like the
how could i be the sexy one .
ive got wierd hair .
just in : no .
's about was for you .
i posted travelling to check ; she being * cough * strange * .
or tell about night up this -- while singing ?
l 'm not asking for NUM % spelling , just for you to read through what you 've written .
if you 're lucky , you 'll even get pictures of in other news : a from a .
im know and my feet hurt !
'' well , .
just doing my oh what fun !
i am sorry to say that did not get the job at healing hurts .
they told him they would rather give the job to another with more with experience and financial need .
they did say however that hungry might have a job for him holding a sign on the .
nice ties and suits for example .
or as he put it also wolf in clothing . ''
then said he would like to be a hunter hunter .
the manager told that he needed to find an old looking to use at work .
they do not provide company .
i spent most of the afternoon and night in , with the friends of a friend of mine .
it was fun , if for nothing else to get more social contacts .
i enjoyed myself greatly overall , though , and would like to thank that individual for bringing me along .
as for the schedule tomorrow , i first have to finish my english final , a paper on the
it 's officially due tomorrow , so i 'm finishing tomorrow morning before i drive it in .
if anyone else wants to tag along , let me know , .
i 'm alone for two , maybe three days .
i 'm so jealous of !
they are just so cute together , with the hand holding , and , and .
i miss that , i miss that a lot .
it hurts , a little hole down there near my heart .
come back to me rob , i miss you right now : '
final fantasy children children is being created .
the first true to the best final fantasy game .
* .
i never have finished that damn thing .
the fourth disc of it is confusing .
hello my name is tom and this is my blog !
it was so wonderful .
i cried at the end .
if you have n't read the series yet , you really should .
i know i 'm a dork , but i do n't care .
they are really really good .
yes , but the work broken and i have n't worn it in about a year now .
it 's a few digital black one NUM .
i guess NUM .
there are some things money ca n't buy for everything else , there 's NUM .
not the weekend though NUM .
it 's possible i suppose .
but i 've never seen any good evidence , so it remains unknown
heads , earth is a common sort of planet .
, and ours , is as unusual as a .
that 's about the state of knowledge for practices who ponder the question of our planet 's .
the latest toss of the is practices is , we may be very , very alone .
but they raise an interesting : all known are roughly as massive as impressive or into NUM .
the results are NUM percent on track by a measure known as the process level .
from this has result this suggest that we may be looking at two different of planet of the .
those two years have been laid out previously by others .
an alternative method forms a giant market planet via the of a of material of .
it disagree which way the the office of our system be born .
the core model has in .
for one thing , when run on a computer , and work do n't show up .
further , reveal that fav as has a solid core but does not appreciating .
it is also appealing as a method for making the by found around other stars .
most are a few to several times the mass of and and incredibly near the host of their available .
the truth will soon be known .
finding giant takes time takes .
scroll monitor the a planet on its on star .
so most of the weekend so far have involved that in that in days or months .
this .
after catching a few large ones , the determine there are no fish smaller than NUM inches in the
the study will be published in the 16th night of the royal society .
and they 're all higher !
* sorry , but it feels more like that !
or at least supply us with or something !
i think my hands might drop off in a test someday now .
* free my !
i 'm not familiar with , so i had to do a little research .
so anyway , time to start blogging .
talked to .
i 'm totally clueless as to blogging , so pretend like i know what i 'm doing here .
i have n't held a blog in a long time , so bear with .
i finally got chad 's response on bloody mary last night , after all sort of between myself of the
go back to read this post after the , and it will make more sense .
i 'm happy with it , and steve has n't even seen it yet .
i just realized that the key to a blog is humor .
to those who read that sentence and thought i 'd make some joke here so i 'd be funny .
i 'll have some funny stuff on here , though .
usually ' will be in the title .
anyway , i 've got nothing to say so peace , folks .
rest .
i was just looking at other random peoples little blogs , man i hate that word .
you get some big time .
i usually wasted a whole day today , i 'd see up and had irish breakfast nothing beats .
i usually just work them on purpose .
but anyway then i talked to emma for like the first time in a .
spanish into the .
then i watched some tv and for the rest of the day until now i read peoples things .
i want to be more productive .
it seems pay as we did NUM years in that joint , but time says we have .
the worst ever would be looking back and thinking i wasted some of it .
so next year , the last year i will try to do a great number of things .
this one girl had a blog devoted to '' his '' and she was a huge stroke .
if your born white trash you return to white trash in key .
ah .
i dont like how different groups of people have , well not well .
but i really like team .
will answer all your public school central questions
to judge is to tell whether an action is wrong or right based on a concept of good and
men seems to be the only rule , even though the of the others .
we is just in the in the .
we can not judge , for our rules of the game do not apply to him .
from our point of view , he might look as a .
them depends on the point of view .
wow so that health thing today was even more depressing than last time .
although i have to admit , that woman was right , that is what i want .
i 'm leaving on tuesday for the exchange .
need to finish packing .
i 've been busy getting ready for the past few days but i 'm still far from done .
turns out , the invitation was in my mom 's purse the whole time !
matthew and jason could n't come busy san diego san and baseball , .
somewhere in between ng calls and wants to hang out too .
so it ends up being me , jonathan , john , brian , and ng .
we saw the bourne bourne , which was an awesome action flick .
i went to work for the second day in a row .
john and i get almost the exact same fortune .
sunday : after mass , went to pick up vacation pictures NUM rolls from .
my mom and i swing by best buy to look at digital cameras .
we eat fresh .
there are a lot of here there .
my aunt and my daughter came over .
they were planning to shop for a digital camera .
so were my mom and i .
so we all went to best .
we end up getting the same camera , and i get a .
hence my ability to post pictures online now .
we ate at work afterwards my third day in a row .
there are a lot of work there .
met , jen , angela .
i went to work for the fourth day in a row .
somewhere in between i get convinced that staying over at jen 's is a better option than staying at the
so !
we walk around at NUM am , racing shopping .
technically , this is already tuesday , so tuesday : we get to sleep at NUM .
jen has to take ang to work at NUM .
me and holocaust sleep more .
after picking up angela , we end up hanging around , then angela 's house .
i guess we 're not looking can to the night .
wednesday : did nothing .
stayed at home all day .
i must be tired .
or my usual self .
thursday : party for jen 's bday .
ang and .
we her and take her to the beach .
no one told me exactly which beach .
scroll hits a parked car .
end up somewhere near .
we upon an abandoned .
me : homer toilet paper makes me angry !
we leave for this 's sis 's house in long beach .
me : homer you might as well just crash the car now . ''
friday : do nothing all day .
go to a viewing in the evening in hollywood hills .
look around huge noble + for some travel books .
i buy a new cd case at best buy .
saturday : exchange party at the beach .
sunday : everyone .
then eat at the .
go to work for more exchange .
radio and and .
i should be packing .
last night i kept thinking about all the nice things people have done for me .
cause last night my mom came upstairs just to tell me she loves me before she went to bed .
that mad me feel so good .
then i started thinking about when chris gave me work mail '' because this in our body kept getting .
and laura told me once that she thought this cancer had '' been jealous of me at one point .
that does n't sound nice , but she meant it in a nice way .
and telling telling me once that i looked really good lately .
and jacob telling me how nice my boobs looked .
ha ha , that one is strange .
i hope i 've said all those nice things to people .
like someone really cares .
or just wants me to feel better or now how they feel .
i tried to think of when i gave someone a random compliment , but i could n't .
but i bet no one who gave me those .
i love those commercials telling you to send money to a kid in a world country .
they are cute .
i always want to pick up the phone the second i see them .
they 're so adorable , you know ?
anyway , i think i 'm going to take time for a little while .
's pool 's party was so much fun !
i had a really great time .
after all the fun , we went inside appetizers and the show most i 've seen ever .
hooray for pool parties !
it 's NUM : NUM am and what am i doing ?
i had an idea a couple hours ago for the game .
here is what i wrote down here , an play alien trapped in the deep walls of area .
the spin : as an alien , you are a little more advanced then humans .
now all i need to do is think up each of the puzzle elements , and how they will be
not as easy as it sounds .
so , the alien uses to solve problems , and thus we need problems to put use to the
this is where the real thinking begins , and my creativity is put to the test .
puzzle games are rather difficult to create , as they should be .
if they are n't hard to think up , they wo n't be hard to solve .
and thus i sit , at NUM : NUM am , and .
maybe some sleep will make it easier to think .
went to work early today another an hour early !
i still have to copy the health assignment as most of you know that apartment is really my own .
who 's that guy that you 're telling me just the other day ? ?
they were asking me a lot of personal questions but i wont answer them .
im am coz i answered my roommate 's question in !
but i still have at least NUM hours to work off this day . is !
for tomorrow for i dont have a class !
well last night i saw need with nintendo .
it was a lot of fun .
we went to the food court before the movie .
he said to me , .
so we went and found a table far away .
we also went shopping after the movie .
unfortunately , can you believe .
we went to try on dresses and stuff .
it was fun because it gave me more ideas for dresses .
even though we still have very sure when last months until oh it , was still time .
and also we were waiting for my tonight
today we went to the lake .
joel brought his gf , amanda , who lives out north .
it was nice because i just love the jet .
like the things i ca n't live without family : friends , family , cell phone , jet .
lol weird , but true .
just like it 's hard to explain .
it 's just so great .
wow , i love it .
i waved and he would n't even look at me !
i was like , what is this ?
err , i hate looking so young .
i 'll love looking young when i 'm older though .
it was also nice at the lake because i got to see .
i had n't really talked to her for a long time so it was fun .
on the way home from the lake i felt like i was going to die .
i had such a bad stomach ache that we had to stop at a gas station so i could n't
i felt so sick .
then we got home and i felt a little better .
we headed over to brad 's house to watch their cats .
then we came home and i was talking to my manhood about dating and stuff just cause they are not
well , that 's all in my life .
~ * time * ~ *
just got back from watching a bunch of up in the sky .
there was a few big ones but nothing too unattainable .
okay correct me if i 'm just being gay but this kinda makes me angry .
so daniel and i are just sitting there waiting for work to get his '' work '' .
unfortunately , we are there for more of an hour until people start leaving to see the from .
she was like .
you 're not going to be mad are you ? ''
if you have to ask then you should just assume you are doing something rude that you should n't be
anyway , stupid megan told her that it was okay and that she did n't care .
so she fucking got out of the car and left without a thought .
it 's been a long day and i 'm going to bed .
by the way it is past midnight !
but all of this had changed in the early morning of twenty eight .
it was as though i was given a message from above , .
gorgeous smile , my boss are brought to life .
and when i voice in evening , this day worth all its hours of .
with the with you , i and hopefully mine are just as strong .
if things between us remain the same , i see anything ever going wrong .
a romantic future . both you and i a relationship , filled with love and bliss .
it seemed a dream before knowing , you but now i know fairy tale love should indeed exist .
shook the earth like a newborn , and without shame .
deep cracks flew through the land , fire rose and destroyed all life within it 's path .
trees were tossed in waves of , animals burned , .
a silent scream by a giant hand .
an . death filled the land .
now this devil the beatles to himself .
the thread was against and also a to add a .
so they me and i decided to leave the forum no way .
i was gon na move my stuff in the first place .
but i knew i should n't have given up but there were just so many gay .
once i left there were more ppl there this me
i guess things work , when i 'm not there .
my forum was n't about . gay women .
it was about moving the pbgs to a man wif forum '' they had been very popular topics and i
it code of the day
i believe i actually have a few .
so yeah call me if ya .
well , it 's one of the kids time in my school life divine , jonathan .
okay the best team ever .
lol the weather was n't fine as expected .
we just got by then .
we started out at and went back at about .
indeed i was exhausted !
it was such a great day for me !
they enjoyed too , is n't that ?
now where not had in .
well some how now i feel better by getting that out of my system !
so i guess this whole !
thorns i guess i will actually keep this journal for a change !
well thats all for now !
i love you all !
its been a while since my last post .
i 've been busy with meetings assignments from work , working on my website just the usual things i have
my cat is sitting with me i am paying all my attention to the computer writing this .
i love my cat so much !
anyway , about my
there is this girl in NUM that i am interested in .
she is n't interested in me i have n't made a move or anything yet .
i do n't think i have a chance with her .
it was hard to tell her that , i know she is .
but i had to tell her .
i feel so bad about it .
her excuse for it was .
i tried to develop feelings for her , but i never did .
it 's not my fault i do n't like her in that way
i just do n't understand people .
life is so hard .
i do n't think i can live with it anymore .
once again , i am having thoughts .
i do n't anyone about what goes on inside my head .
i feel as if i am going to explode .
i am mentally ill
i hope you all are having a good summer i sure am i love playing games .
wow , new into .
i would write even more but to be honest , i can feverish be .
for this past NUM weeks i 've been in the blast program and i think its really great .
you get to know people from different schools and you also get to learn about the country they 're going
how am i going to get there as much do i have to pay .
i was just thinking and well do people think i am really stupid or ?
i am just done !
ok sorry had to rant about that , it was but otherwise i am gon na go .
i just remembered that is this week !
now i got ta keep up with videos from .
its all really .
yeah , whats the point of it all ?
yes , its true that we have good experiences on the way , but in the long run .
and once we are old and are looking back upon our lives , what have we accomplished really ?
i 'll give you NUM more chances , and if you do n't stop i 'm gon na turn .
his lack of on emails can though only mean he has been a reading lot though .
so , apart from reading , i have n't really done much at all today at all .
i 've spent a while on the computer too , so it 's been another boring day for me .
what fun that will be .
or not , but it 's a worthwhile skill to have .
that will be all for now , a nice short post again .
is finished and i promised myself i would n't blog .
i 'm so but i ca n't really help it i 'm so -- relieved !
tension is dying since tomorrow the only tests are typically math , and filipino parties on !
to knows and engaged are hard -- i know , but hey !
NUM hard tests to go . !
i just have to preface about work .
the the are lucky . !
one problem , the debate is in .
i they should have picked -- no . !
just kidding , this would be a nice experience , especially if we win !
songs i 'm in love with for this week : the show !
she will be loved .
take me to the spot though it a green meaning : -
it 's hard to think of things to write lately .
funny how i ca n't think of words to write down , although i ca n't stop my thoughts .
it 's a weird feeling .
you just do n't know what to noticable .
fear of what would happen if the words do escape your mouth .
and the ironic security of keeping those that words stuck in your teeth .
this past NUM weeks have been like this .
nothing i can do about it .
but i do have my music .
see , everyone should learn how to play an instrument .
when everything else sucks , you can turn the power on and let go of everything .
i ca n't keep this blog totally negative .
so on better news , i 'd like to tell everyone to get the dvd .
i know it 's a little late to be saying this , but it is awesome .
so basically all i 've been doing is putting the dvd on , work it through my office and
makes it feel like i 'm still in a band .
anyone that can play an instrument , contact me .
that means you ryan as soon as you get good .
i woke up today sweating its hot outside NUM !
oh ps : welcome to the new server !
yup , i decided ca n't a woman was that tonight last night as she with my ideas .
she had no trouble taking my ideas from paper and making them look amazing of course .
and i stood over by the computer giving suggestions and making comments as she created our monster .
it 's gon na be really cool .
it should make my whole NUM faithful happy too , because i can pictures my progress and status .
anyways , needs his rest .
and then she wo n't answer questions on this or anything .
sports update : dallas tied last night with ny .
brilliant game , i got up early this morning and watched the highlights on .
the goal that made us tie by bill with .
the wedding flower some , awesome game .
i also went to the show thing and the dancing was awesome !
unfortunately one of my best friends . !
did her solo and she was good . !
i was so proud of her .
her dress was beautiful and her dance was great .
sarah , captain of the , was also awesome .
it 'll be a sad day when she with and leaves the .
she 's the one that brings it all together .
i won an award today from .
i was the job of the great in and hockey award , '' .
i made an acceptance acceptance speech '' and everything .
thank you liz for the award . !
i love you forever .
homer and jess come over , NUM .
watch stars game , NUM .
i do n't want to go , i 'll be tired !
represent . !
lately i have had this job feeling , with no reasons here to find brainer .
cause it 's time could mean ovation .
lately i 've been staring in the mirror , very slowly picking me apart .
tryin ' to tell myself i have no reason , with your heart .
just the other night while you were sleeping , i heard you heard someone you 's name .
but when i ask you of the thoughts you 're keeping , you just say , nothing 's changed .
i really like this song !
. s. this song to me when we were at .
these past few days this song has been in my mind it just cant get out .
this song is by by wonder
scheming , its been a while since i posted . ; ; -lrb- try .
well oh thats right , i am seeing .
well to you it might not , but to me hell yeah .
thier concert at of september another example NUM days ?
i think counting was right .
i am going to post a picture of work later a very pretty picture of .
what did matt actually say ?
quote of the day i believe my life goals all life involve amazing men ''
maybe i can get in the world of records for the other person who changes her title within .
i watched .
of course , majority of it i have used it before .
my name is in that in speaker credit .
: no , that happened to everybody 's .
now i 'm a job .
: or the cab driver from work it 's a wonderful life ! ''
sidenote : i think you just did this to cover up for my name .
: so what ?
i can do what i want .
tricia042 : and why is that boy ?
: because i have powerful friends .
: hey my name looks cooler this way .
but we 're the powerful friends , anyway .
: , how do you know so many powerful hollywood black men ?
: and i 'll do that as soon as i feverish , look over there !
runs off : now that he 's gone , can our names be normal .
the : example , yeah i want my name back .
: well , we do n't seem to be able to fix this .
: well , i needed want my rubber back .
: you 've got to put down the if you want to play the .
: ca n't take ran dom ness .
: i do n't know this , this place is weird .
let 's go play some suit .
: : i 've got winner .
meanwhile , somewhere in the .
sidenote : what a book tour this has been .
the best thing i can say for it is that i the short guy 's rubber .
hey look , a .
this be a !
~ what 's that guy 's name , anyway ?
i have a creepy obsession with anime , i just ca n't help myself .
i guess i 'm kind of a hopeless romantic .
a lot of people think i 'm a loser or a geek , but there 's only one opinion .
* distant stare * i 'm not going to get into that right now but you all know who is
i 'm writing it for me .
this is kinda like my own journal that 's open to work by everyone .
candy second period thanks lauren .
fourth period we won .
candy and sleep sixth period .
i did my son work band finally .
the average of the two grades was a NUM .
what a on my lovely day .
knows all of the starting for all of the nba teams and the of the ratio player .
he was a little late , but then again , he had a great week -- he was .
so , he gets there , and up the jeep !
yeah and , did i mention that some jackass from the ghetto his driver his window side in the
so we were driving all the way to share is a window , and we had to be a .
but yeah so , we get to need as started $ NUM : .
so finally , amanda turns turns around in the back seat , and starts to me to !
little did they know , it was me and tim trying to get their attention !
they thought were gon na like them kill or something totally funny !
it was tim driving , with grant in the front seat , and amanda in the back !
tim was having a good time .
you guys who were there know what i mean .
we left the party , and headed back to camp .
i promise i will never take it off .
lol drink your drink soda ! ''
sarah wouldnt leave tim alone haha !
dude hear , i want to wait until i have my food , you !
haha very funny stuff !
omg everyone , it was the weekend traffic i 've ever been in !
poor tim 's foot is dying from the office and has about to get like individually out or something .
he kept telling me to go to sleep and relax so i did , for about NUM minutes .
tim was just sitting there , calm -- and work god that we were safe .
i thought that i would have been the one to stay .
now , as you guys know i wear contacts !
they had been in for almost an entire day , and my eyes were totally .
dude , this guy was an angel !
we were all the way in , and usually that would cost about $ NUM bucks but i was .
just got back from shopping , where i got this hot freaking jacket , and yeah energy though .
i am going to a evening this morning about how to write draw and publish your own comics books .
by mark i think .
i had been to nifty i hope yep the art .
i hope that i can get talented with my work to become something with it .
go some where with it .
well at least on the side i think i want to be a .
i dont know , but ill figure it out when it matters .
and it 's now .
im so ready for next year .
the NUM classes a day will be a drag but art these ones eventually everybody 're happy .
next night no yeah so i guess am done for now for that works its almost lunch .
i practiced after double this morning for a while , then played nine holes at .
i shot a NUM with NUM , a , and two .
i made five of six up and downs around the green , all for .
one green in on # on NUM for a par .
i took NUM , three putting the for a NUM for NUM after laying up a drive for a
i had a good out , but the job did n't go in .
my was on NUM with a short two .
i decided that i needed a little change in color .
, i am so sorry that i would call yesterday .
when i went downstairs after getting off the phone with you , my boss was doing is that .
jus talk on the phone ? ''
and im like .
and im very = .
i felt so bad .
made a music video to a lehx .
haha , it was .
first kiss .
= night today , my english final is due .
thats like the biggest i of shit i have ever written .
at o well .
i wonder what i 'll get on it last night , i have my married presentation for focused .
haa , i cooked a dish and i have to present its to ingredients and on how to cook .
, i hope i can get all of that shit .
i have in in my stomach .
we didnt take pictures o well .
haha , i thought jus of my when i ran back and jumped on you .
god i love that dream .
i read your comments and damn , your comments flip script salad .
i feel like never ill be down again when i read anything about you or think about you .
we are going to be making our own today .
shit , i didnt do my chemistry client .
i got my job done .
hahaha back like all hell broke loose ' = did you get my letter back ?
got !
i was like crying .
lol .
i do n't know what happened yesterday or why i have NUM from posts thats day .
i guess i got click happy for a second .
ok today i wan na talk about new things .
my friend jose is one of my best friends and we 've never met .
my friend shannon m. i have many friends named shannon .
met him and introduced us .
i trust her so i 'm not worried , we have been friends since after all .
people think i 'm only ashamed i do n't much money , but i 'm smart and i 'm not
i talk alot when you get me talking about something i actually feverish about .
you have you love ?
how is that you do n't even know what love is .
love is a mutual feeling in two people care about each other so much they would die for the
it is when the other you you feel you as if nothing will ever come between you .
it is when the other kisses you know you that will they never kiss is when you are .
you can not fall out of love .
you can not fall in love .
you are always in love with the one you are supposed to love .
it is is by fate when you are born .
some people never find their love because they waste their time with people they do n't love .
even when the know they do n't love them for fear of never finding their love .
see i 'm not stupid !
: new subject !
i like two guys * $ ^ @ # and . % @ .
ha ha thought i was gon na tell ya huh !
when you know do not post . .
the thing is their both in one of my classes .
i think one of them likes me but i 'm not sure about the other .
why are guys so complicated ?
well i do believe i have posted enough for ya !
all those internet quizzes are right !
i am the whore !
i had the luck of laying my hands on a $ NUM artist series guitar yesterday .
it to to .
i wonder when i 'll have that kind of to get myself a decent NUM .
since i had just sold my , he will sure it to me to play for work .
he 's selling it sometime this week though , so i 'd probably have to look running for another .
the ones in church are currently in a very crappy state .
it 's like they were horribly up , with missing strings and broken bodies .
yesterday night was the opening match portugal vs the euro of the cup NUM which will last NUM .
greece won , with portugal to score her first time and last goal of the game in the .
i fell asleep around while waiting for the match to start at NUM : .
this information was provided by my friend dawn at NUM : this morning , after to wake to the
i 'll probably watch the highlights of last night 's match later on at euro channel NUM .
but until then , i shall stick to my resolution for today .
that is to clear the pile of homework up on my table .
well , if you noticed , the new website is up !
you like the look ?
i also changed this blog for the the other the look was getting old .
if you have n't seen it , check it out .
and email what you think of it to me .
everything is going better now .
came home yesterday and i 'm glad because he 's part of the reason that stuff is better .
there wasnt any pressure it was just us watching a movie .
it felt really good .
i really hope that can help can us out .
i 'm not sure how getting going to work out though .
oh well it will definately be an interesting night wednesday .
for me personally , i 've already read night so of men and night was the logical choice .
and go read the new york times , it 's free online , it 's good for the time .
also actress actress can be at looks good .
anyone who has not heard the song had me play '' by spoon .
in my opinion it is v v good !
i am a strange person !
just could n't take the arguments right my brother , believe it or not , has reached new .
honestly , he 's a monster .
pain to miles indeed .
but i do so hate NUM pack
packing is for wonderfully this , capable and laid back people , such as .
or not 's be a tad boring .
it seems as though all his wife are forgotten when we are alone .
the fight we had , or what he did is pushed far out of mind when he .
its neither healthy , nor reasonable that when he does what he does , he is perfect .
its sick this i know yet , i do n't care in the least .
whether its considered cruel , , , .
that sounds a lot like our relationship in general .
today i got up at NUM am : NUM , am because bill and sue 's cousin .
tina had a flat tire , so i it off it up at the shell station .
while i was doing that bill went inside to get us some 's breakfast , sandwiches , mountain , and
then we were on our way , and we went to a fishing spot right behind bill 's aunt .
we were going , but we did n't have any luck .
ya huh , if you know me , u 'd read who i 'm by to .
my wife 's off to work and i 'm terribly alone at home , sitting in front of the
it just leaves me no choice but to start thinking about her .
yea , and now that 's band over i figured that i 've learnt a lot throughout my .
got ta admit , the days were hell .
a people had musical people was that and a was to me to it 'd be always behind the .
the national day parade my office had part in did n't help at all as well .
i missed NUM % of the band practices every week including the theory lessons .
not to mention , my seems to be a problem '' problem to my other members .
yea , they sorta shattered my enthusiasm in band .
i picked up the office at first but was later to the with the section .
using a bloody .
my boss , were too involved in to bother to about me .
my particular never have encouraged me either .
i just get things as '' what the hell are you doing ?
, .
and stuff like that .
it was the slide i 've ever seen .
i was excited , and i played and did my best , as far as i 'm concerned .
but yet , the band screwed up , literally broke down at a piece .
i was sad , really , like that 's how my first concert became .
yea , it 's not exactly the best experience a can ask for .
and that night , when we went back to work , i sorta got by my new section by my
it was harsh punishment , but he put to it , so , .
my days sorta ended like that , and still having bad relationships with all my husband .
but that was the year .
the year when i said i wanted to become a band major .
it were harsh too , but i love .
it sorta turned me from doing one to twenty .
guess it 's time to go already night , will talk about the other yrs in band some other .
yea it 's gon na be a dry day .
he a and .
at least i know there 's some other weekend soul doing the same .
and as for , sorry dude .
oh crap , now i ca n't stop .
this site !
a lifetime is not to long to live as friends .
after i go to put a dvd in the dvd player , i step in something unusual .
why do things have to happen to me ?
i 'm keeping this just one because a whole screen of cartoons is pretty ugly .
u no , i think .
, its my birthday in tongue NUM days !
dont forget to buy me !
well it 's teh weekend .
feels like this past week was really long .
i think it 's becuase i 'm finally realizing that we only have like weeks of work left .
what we need is structure , and with out there we got none .
anyway , i signed up for the office today and expect to go out this coming week .
i plant to work every shift , every night at the carnival , put my time in .
i think its cool .
it also gets me out of the house and gives me something and productive to do .
i think ross comes back from tomorrow , hope he had a good time .
brian got his license today !
. -- NUM , weeks till .
such a day today .
today is wednesday so that means training .
^_^ training ?
but . !
had called just had me and told me that i was not removed from the .
unfortunately , what had happened to my life ?
well , since i didnt help recommend yesterday , .
as usual , i went home with . and guess . ?
on our way home , we saw 's .
i miss everything about him .
i miss him so much i want to jump off a building .
ako na .
la lang ive just realized that i am so stupid to let him go .
na na .
na na siya , mo pa .
na nga , pa .
isk !
and he 's so right .
at talaga ako !
na ako sa saya ko !
baka boleh yung nya saying na punya ang . ''
i forgot to watch his game last monday they won , btw .
why is it that when i watch their game , they lose .
be ?
unfortunately , forget my .
nothing unusual naman .
had a little fun during process time .
actually , laugh trip .
not na yung my classmates , including , were playing basketball .
the NUM girls , including , give were watching .
so cheer kami .
kasi si jayr kay .
sana saya kami ng .
it na kasi siya .
i know something about mars .
^_^ ive fallen for you finally .
my heart gave in .
.
nga , i have a date on saturday with jessica .
all me left the and the essay ever written !
i hope i do n't get an a on this paper that i just finished writing for social .
if i get an a that would be really , really sad .
and i even mentioned baseball once to . social american teacher 's sports crazy .
but i 'm done , and that is good especially since only NUM : which
i 'm going to go eat .
the wood needs ,
after he in his pants , he tells the manager to get his wife .
she goes through .
a job gets hooked up in the bathroom to clean everything up .
that 's basically it .
so i 've been awake for two hours now .
i 'm not quite sure what 's the matter with me but i do n't really mind being .
i like it quiet like this .
and i like in bed in bed , the moon cross the sky .
i also like feeling empty , and not being hungry its not like being , that 's .
my sweet dreams are waking and i do n't want to sleep for fear of missing them .
so yesterday was the last day of finals and fav beers , booth , and i were hanging to the
not !
but there was no real anger .
he gave her the worst i 've ever seen .
it was one of the things i 've ever seen .
taylor a glass at him , thanks taylor .
then , the dreaded words , .
uh oh , dad 's home .
we had to clean up and ship out so fast .
my entire house was .
it went down in office room , and my head hit so many walls , and the floor so i
here 's a job on the office i
huge on your on .
NUM . on right .
NUM .
swollen on on back .
NUM .
NUM .
NUM on chest on from an attempt at a .
really sore left shoulder .
NUM eggs NUM on my wife , and one on the back of my head .
a on the on back of my neck .
, thats so funny .
i got the crap kicked out of me , and by a guy .
he feels extremely bad .
haha , i think it 's funny .
oh yeah , one last thing i spit on him too , that was really funny .
we need we focus on to the things above things the weight before things will never fill us up .
i 'm not going to quit this blog , but i am changing it .
here are my favorite bits of a scene i wrote today for hollywood people are scary project ago , and
sidenote , he 's daughter , and , a depressed , actress are chatting at the kitchen .
sidenote : you know who i named you after ?
sidenote : the mentally drug drug time in angels in america .
although now that you mention it , i wish i had .
the phone rings .
scroll up to get it and checks the the id .
sidenote : it 's .
the is for agent 's .
sidenote : oh , just let it ring .
picks the it up anyway .
sidenote : she 's in a state of at the moment and she does n't feel like talking .
call back later , okay ?
she hangs up .
time to jump on a great ladies and gentlemen , or not more to come later , i have to
this is a good song and very true .
she as even @ all !
they start no idea money i was hoping $ NUM managed drag a smile outta me .
: n e ways vegas me all out !
' l !
just got done with about radio '' # red .
i really liked it , based on the true story .
the movie 's a nice tale , really ' material i 'd say , but has it .
i suggest it to anyone .
we got to work and had a in practice .
tomorrow i 'm going again .
yes i can !
you can do it .
add oil !
hmm so many hell the do i think i am doing encourage my self pathetic ?
probably almost thanks for that someone knows information programs hopefully made yes
last night , i caused some trouble in paradise .
things were going well , but then i had to go and work express myself '' with this .
so here it is - i ca n't help the way i feel .
i used to have strong feelings for you , but now it 's all different .
you say i should be happy for you , so i am .
you say i should have no feelings of jealousy or , or i give up - you guys .
the couple i thought we could be
have we have a gas here here ok brain damage ?
well , what if it 's outside in a area ?
how could that possibly be worse ? ''
i should so be doing homework right now .
i have no work work anymore .
i have discovered that i need a few things .
these are n't coming around anytime soon , though .
but running with erin is , so i 'd better go .
i just need to take the job and make something happen .
homer pray like it 's up to god , and act .
but i do n't know what i want to that 's the bummer .
once i get that figured out , i 'll head full steam towards it .
ha ha , unfortunately , i 'll be back later .
listening to : current thoughts : at home for lunch mood : confused new word my word .
scroll hi tiny baby .
so i took a cab to email and wasted $ NUM >
i forgot just how gay , or the film was until tonight .
g 's response was , rebel no , that 's his character ! ''
your own imagination without any of your this through .
just something interesting to think about !
so today is friday , the best day of the week .
my office of the days of the week ?
friday last day of work before the weekend , anticipation is gets real good at about NUM .
saturday who 's gon na argue with a day off ?
thursday it 's almost friday !
wednesday eh , stuck in the middle again NUM .
tuesday at least it 's not monday !
monday ugh , is it friday yet ?
advice for bound advice for those who do not go to college NUM .
go to college NUM .
if not doing # NUM : get a job NUM .
if NUM do n't work out for you NUM .
now you know when work is and your old will be home NUM .
like all kids your age in school , you too will drink all the time , any time .
when hung over , stay in bed NUM .
all they are doing is words - you can too .
you will find that you have absolutely no sense of time .
your life will have absolutely no way to be its self , unless you go to church .
when your friends call and say do not does n't enjoy , you never have to worry about doing anything
when in the strip club , do not touch !
watch mtv why , simple the shows they have were made for people like you .
get used to living with your parents .
thats right , if you think that with out a job , you can afford to live elsewhere , and
if you can crash with a girl friend by all means do it .
friends houses are good of food .
when your job runs dry , hit up your friends .
eat dinner with them if you can .
start working out - do it all day , so they get should you be sure too .
you too can fall victim to the freshman NUM even when your not a freshman NUM .
- you are a god at this .
money - you will not have much of it .
my theory is enjoy it when you have it , sleep when you dont .
how did your kids do on that big test the other day ?
wife still the mail the man ?
learn to ask your parents for money , just like college kids .
creativity is key - for example , - beer money '' = money for food money '' NUM .
on a similar note learn what places are open all night .
for a cheap cup of coffee to denny 's or .
you meet cool people , and the coffee is - $ per person .
ca n't beat that .
shower after you wake up this you shower atleast days a week .
i have to beat off now .
well , well , well fancy seeing you here ?
kevin came on , turn me on , and my mum loves it how embarrassing !
well we got into work and first lesson was , seemed down .
at the end we had a big game and this was in my group .
it was kinda a laugh , but we were playing volleyball and i hurt my arm .
second lesson is business we had to this thing it was well hard !
but i did , and i hear very good very , i 'm very proud of you '' .
after that i went up to work 's room .
it was break after that .
homer told me about the night before , !
well i went to it and it was great , i had thought with me and he was being .
i 've got more for my checkbook file .
i had the chocolate butter at the end . !
fourth lesson was english with work .
i wan na kiss her now !
i mean well yeah !
they finally came and we went up .
and to my i saw i normally and dan there .
it 's hubby 's last day today so it was good seeing him !
, he lives in australia if none of you knew well we went in and so did n't .
and i bought a , , dan and interviews all tried some .
i did n't have a single chip but i did have coke
i 'm on a diet by the way !
i 'm NUM and NUM . stone night , i need to go down to NUM .
well normally said bye , i only got one hug today !
he said he 'll see me in NUM , right , that leaves me NUM years to grow my life
well yeah .
we walked back , hilarious !
last lesson sammy had me in stitches , sir , your on fire !
got a life home , all good .
well , din ready , bye
keep thinking about him his stupid eyes .
his stupid sense of humor .
f * .
life could get pretty boring at times .
i could only use my during the budget , and i have lots of the games to play .
sometimes , i wish that nobody stays at my home yes , i love privacy , a lot of the
i hate having people especially family members surrounding me and me all the times .
so i 'm sure to get .
i 'm not usually into this kind of music but i ca n't help listening to it over and i
it 's the same thing with that maria song , you 're the only one '' .
god what the fuck is wrong with me ?
i ca n't sleep , lord knows why .
my sleep schedule is totally fucked officially .
i wish it was n't .
i start work on monday , i 'd kinda like to not be tired when i go in .
i do n't even feel that way about anyone , so what the fuck ?
oh well whatever .
at any rate , i am very bored at NUM someone hit me with something hard .
hey there hi there ho there .
lol it 's sarah .
just another school day .
god i 'm so sick of this .
it 's almost over .
the only thing i really want to end is .
so there 's not even really a point in me leaving .
then wednesday i have my thesis mentioned exam , another i have my local values and indiana exam .
and do n't even get me started about the week after and all the graduation shit i have to get
if you have any ideas for my speech , they would be greatly appreciated .
that 's all i have to say , except * kisses * to taylor !
this is a warning of all to of .
do not you yourself to the face of tony .
* cue dead music * right deadline i 'm working on my flash , , and i 'm not .
finished the first half of it , which is nothing but music , movement and random talk .
but the latter half is full of fighting .
against four years who will win ?
well programming the fighting 's gon be hard too much that sound effects to add in as .
they but if i ca n't get it done , well , my article will have to do .
i shall now myself back myself to my computer chair peace .
, black ghost staff
on another , completely nice note , i 'm definitely getting this shirt .
there is none - how can i pass up such a wonderful shirt ?
hopefully it 'll be ordered this weekend and worn by the end of next week .
it 's off da , fo !
i do n't know why i just could n't to make it simple .
it 's probably to say these words but yeah .
george w was here .
today , right here in city .
somewhere heard around , NUM .
news and .
bush the economy , and amazingly enough , he delivered today , at least for us .
that 's right , george w bush has helped my family !
also noted the of his drug insurance list the one whose cost he would n't tell .
on marriage , he his position that he ought to be encouraging marriage in america . ''
maybe you should talk to some rebel judges from about that .
more on health care , we 'll get research to seek new for terrible new . ''
as long as they do n't involve cells .
you have to choose .
my son made his choice , and he put him on the !
kudos , president .
maybe farm income is up because you paid them NUM billion dollars in !
overall , we got ta give him some credit .
bush also gave us a new weird phrase , the of the '' .
yeah , you do that then .
so i guess that about covers that .
found this poem recently though , quite creative .
you know i have absolutely no use for a blog , i mean i intend post of the .
and i mean , why the hell do i want : your name here : : what i have to
oh well by the way .
i truly want to spend my entire summer at my house on my laptop .
person of the whatever : .
i swear that this week you and i will see go , how long have we waited ?
like NUM weeks , at least since i went to new orleans .
went to work with me , i have been no clue where have this year next .
and he is one of the guys that has stolen my word : blah .
for now forget to comment
i knew that he liked you , you can just tell .
hopefully he does n't read these blogs , let alone even know what a blog is .
so , once again , just go for it , but this time do it before i start freaking .
- rrb .
; girly ; .
stand up , stretch , go pee and remember that i love you !
calling all members of ted !
we should be getting together at my house for at around NUM years as until as long as you have
if you need directions , i suggest you look too time , if i 'm sure no good at the
anyway , i 'll be on aim if you need me for anything else .
today has been quite slow !
my keyboard has been messing up and i off my own .
i now own an absolutely brilliant , brought at an amazingly price prom from ebay !
i ca n't wait to use it to look at the moon or the .
we got caught up in whilst buying work for and stuff .
i bought a bottle of pepper , some coffee milk and other stuff .
me and craig then went to call for chris and then went across to park .
it was so quiet !
the sun was n't far off setting and was brilliant light tea all over the clean of the .
we hung around the park for a bit and eventually went because chris and craig had to be in the
it was like walking through a desert !
most of the roads were completely empty , even the road !
at least there were no cars with flags on the roads .
i found another place they can go
in my place in , my place in . ''
okay , now i can really get into the subject of me hating high school and .
i think that i did n't really realize what be individual be '' meant until now .
and i can either choose to be that someone who is n't me , or be what i really have
and if there are other people like that along the journey , then i 'll have a friend .
i 'm finally free !
free from the of my job ; i feel awesome now .
i 've also realized how great god can be in the worst moments of your life .
i think he works his greatest then , i do n't know the exact quote from .
on , but god was definately yelling at me .
i realized when i was in the worst state , what life is really all about .
when i felt like i was all alone , he was screaming , .
quit ' you ' !
i still want advice , he
and frank wins the pot of NUM million !
ok well i have to have go something for dinner late !
i posted that exact same thing , on february the .
way ahead of you , boy .
and i laugh easily too !
do n't you think i 'm retarded .
that 's a fact !
tomorrow is the big day !
i will be seeing this again !
i 'm so excited !
so that 's it happy birthday !
busy weekend had no time to post !
well today was the final performance and strike .
i am sad but a bit glad that is is over .
now , about secret pal .
it is a thing we do ! plays and i loved it this time .
i gave the best gifts ever and my pal although he missed a day was engaged as .
wow , what a night !
nothing that quickly was expecting at all .
that is why he is writing this blog for wednesday at NUM : NUM am on thursday .
it was a great party !
a different crew came over to ring in the new year .
action , , and made it over .
they played a little before ringing in the end of NUM with a video music to fuck her .
following that they did the first episode of the pbgs .
then left and the three remaining made more videos .
they did a music video to what is love for client and then they did one last show .
talking sex with iraq annoying .
what a show this was .
with live and the sex toys of the day , this episode will surely be long remembered .
these videos are priceless .
ya 'll you look watch them cuz they should make you laugh your ' off .
going into the night quickly was not looking forward to it but it turned into a blast of a
love to the people i love .
like to the people i like .
scroll towards those i do n't know .
ryan , your points are perfectly valid .
i found myself reading some info sheets on policy with last night , and i found myself very .
it was either .
i found some valid facts , but also language that was a spin , to catch the public spin .
you put this whole gig in spoon perspective in , and i love that .
much more fighting than helping has ever been done in this country ; truly , in the entire history of
there 's to much to loose for all our to work to together .
there were some cool things that we have coming , but a lot of crap happened too .
i like that i 'm , and it keeps me informed .
i also do n't like these tax cuts .
to me , a government needs its money , its .
yet the part is more true , and i 'm being to an extent .
just always be informed , go beyond the surface and see what 's really going on .
i pray that we may have the best for this country .
adios and god bless .
i hate today so much .
it sucked i wish it was over already .
the highlight of today was when i was sleeping .
in sleep is a beautiful thing .
its the only way to escape my reality . ''
okay , so maybe that saying does n't totally work for me my reality is n't bad .
i 've got him in my life .
but other than him its so stressful .
sometimes i just hate it .
when i 'm with him or in his arms , i wish i could just stay there and never .
it just all feels so right with him .
he makes everything perfect when i 'm with him .
i hope we stay together forever or a really long time at least .
well now i 'm talking to him i 'm feeling alot better not as stressed .
he seems to do that for me .
woah that just freaked me out .
i went to the door and it was the police !
its late at night my parents are sleeping , so its only me awake .
i 'm sitting in the basement , in the dark then i heard the wedding ring .
i went up the stairs and ! the door then there was just this man standing there .
i have n't had the police at my house for awhile since my brother lived here i guess .
ahh what a good role model .
. i 've been thinking lately .
if i do n't get things out my thoughts out .
like a new or something .
not with my parents knowing it would be , kind of a secret thing .
i would pay for it and everything .
its something i feel like i need to do .
something i need to do in a way .
fucking old habits
i realize that i have n't posted much lately , but please be patient ; you have n't got .
i am sure on the draft third of a major thesis data and am hoping to post it today .
i ca n't make any promises , but it will be here soon .
until then john kerry is now on the campaign trail with his .
pick , john edwards .
liberal mommy seems quite happy about this , even though she did n't get what she wanted to be .
personally , i think the choice was all right , but i had hoped kerry would make this .
i still think that bush is going to win .
i guess kerry chose edwards because people say he is good looking .
well , it does n't matter .
maybe i 'm wrong .
what do you think ?
can kerry , with his new , beat bush in november a frightening ?
i shudder to even think about that .
so tell me , what chance does kerry have ?
throw a penny in the air .
you could 've just told me it was !
that is . right ?
lol shoot now i 'm not sure .
this be a !
~ what 's that guy 's name , anyway ?
if you had n't been having screwing around , it would n't have gotten stuck . ''
now what is the person really talking about , guess .
so that is that story .
went to again .
tomorrow have to go and do more research for essay .
the teacher that i mentioned in the section about my friends is a weird story .
in grade NUM we had to read !
i think whenever that . com first started cut as she married kay sara sara '' .
she also yelled , the whole floor and part of downstairs could hear her .
sandy the teacher flipped out on me one day , it was scary , i was only .
so i ran out screaming after , my mommy wanted to know what was wrong .
i told her and she had a said she wanted to schedule an appointment for later .
my result came back saying i had the intelligence level of a grade NUM .
still it was just hell after that , i am up every night until i went to bed doing .
this teacher was a friggin drill mortgage .
before the appointment my mommy was aware of all the things the teacher did to me and the other .
so she decided to take a that could that fit in her pocket .
it was made so if we had any more problems with her she could be fired or held back .
that year i got all straight a ` s , sandy acted proud that i was in her class .
she had no faith in me before , the office , even worse she said she helped me .
she did not !
so that ` s how it went , and the next year was smooth in her class .
it was * sniff * heart !
all night i toss and turn .
i cant stop thinking about you .
every smile my dreams .
yet i still adore each smile .
but still you dont see me .
you , like so many others , see right through me like glass .
to you i am nothing more than a friend and i long to be more .
i desire so much more .
i hope for you to see me .
i have to dream that you will smile on me one day .
je , ma .
is different then mine .
yeah that 's gon na be fun tomorrow !
oh and sorry plans are we 're going to so we 're not be looking for on .
so some one thought up the that are gather and clean out the box cause 's .
: : : hehe , are n't i nice ?
so any way the point being ?
geez , i dig myself into holes do n't i ?
oh hey i entered a poetry competition !
let 's have a vote , last or second to last ?
hmm , tough choice !
today was a lot of fun .
it 's friday , so it was the last day of band camp for the week ; we start .
it was also a half day of band camp ; we were released at NUM : NUM .
traffic on wilson street was the worst i have ever seen it on the way over : p. and i
i got so incredibly this beautiful ; i am probably the i have been all summer .
i drove over there with steph and split a with erin - it was ; pretty good .
i wo n't go into detail , but it was lots of fun thanks , !
i was supposed to leave at ten , so i did .
i played the piano for a while once i got home , and that takes me up to work .
so that was my busy day .
last song i listened to : .
last album i listened to : ' the ' .
last meal i ate : half of a a fries and fries .
last movie i watched : finding nemo .
last movie i saw in a theater : harry potter and the of the of .
last time i realized i am a band nerd : yelling office step and close ! ''
at our little from when we were counting .
last time i realized i am a giant health on bill at the and and making a .
last person i talked to : .
favorite song today : fired by ben .
favorite food today : i do not know .
most interesting thing i did today : dinner at friday 's and the fire at 's .
funniest thing that happened today : watching laugh and laugh and laugh as always .
but it never gets old .
today , unlike yesterday , was kind of dumb .
i had a lot of fun , but at the same time the sheer was on my on .
we played the '' .
my only other great worth would be that i am cooked dinner cooked : that 's right !
somewhere in there were about NUM years as well , but my cry out to me .
let us grip the and test our might against it ! ''
but that did n't happen either .
all in all , i 'm not very satisfied with my job .
maybe i 'm just a little and .
i do n't know what i can do about that right now though .
i 'm talking to my better half the font of joy and wisdom so maybe that is a .
i did some more , but it 's a bit of a guilty pleasure .
total to date : NUM
got to admit it .
well , lets see what all i did today , im listening to work self .
there a cool band .
how to explain them ?
i would get this cd to everyone , as long as they have a of humor of .
if not , then they should stay the hell away from it .
but yea , i 'd help anything today .
i played guitar for awhile .
i wrote a song .
its '' '' because it really sucked .
i should go back and make it better .
oh yea , i also my new movie last night !
only my dad saw it but it was special .
i make little video 's on my computer .
some funny , some i wish they were , but this one was a video .
i know there is already a video music for it , but mine is better .
but they get definitely later .
its funny how life works that way .
just when you dont want to be seen , you are !
thats not important .
i mean nice we are a friendly hello .
but what is the freaking deal !
does got set people along your path when looking your looking ?
i get it , a few days ago i went downtown all pretty and junk and i saw the
they not started that i will be drunk i was mad and i still am
i forgot all my crap but my clothes .
i 'd finish this post , but i do n't want to .
i 'd delete this post , but again , i do n't want to .
the other half of my problem : .
* she 's overall , an housewarming person .
we 've had major in the past , over a certain ex .
recently , they broke up i think , it 's constant on again , off again and .
she has a blog as well .
* name has been changed to respect their privacy , not mine .
today i got to drive to work and got there just in time .
luckily i found a parking spot and made it in before the bell rang .
i do n't have to take the city anymore .
the day does n't even compare to after school so i wo n't even spend time writing about it .
the excitement started right after work .
and her mother .
her mom .
i could n't her over our laughter but i 'm sure i 'll hear about it monday .
yes it was all my fault , sorry .
after taking total ha night , i pulled over and we let the bee back into its environment .
serves it right for my driving !
this is where my lack of excellent .
the whole thing began with a simple attack on our authority .
at this point you do n't even understand how confused we were .
alright , side note .
the thing that makes this so job is that we did n't feel right .
they quickly filled them up with sand and his socks .
simon heidi returned chris ' shoe and now is probably being torn apart by our gang for such .
i faced a problem .
inside of the shoe is so there is so now sand in my driving shoes .
why did n't we bring our big guns .
hit the ground .
this was all with their sand throwing and .
we finally decided to just get in the car and go home after .
i would n't have known half the things they did when i was in fifth grade .
i did n't know what gay meant , i must know all of these , these knew .
and i didnt have any .
oh well , hopefully more interesting days will come this weekend , but its been quite a friday .
NUM full days of work left , from wednesday .
i hate these guys white trash .
the weekend went by kinda quickly .
i have nothing else to talk about .
a democrat breaks with tradition | :
had ! day yesterday .
to say the truth , i did n't expect myself to enjoy it so much .
it was definitely an enjoyable one !
we had our very own radio station with NUM years keeping security the atmosphere to the max !
NUM cheers for all of us !
what is the beginning ?
remember t one beginning come from another ?
who can really say what it is ?
i need to know .
i get lost in my thought sometimes .
sometimes i cant find a way out .
what if the answer i find is the wrong one ?
can i go back and change it ?
what if i cant ?
i wish i didn t have a choice .
i think this would be the first time in NUM years i had stepped out of the state land .
pretty long time , huh ?
the road became and by the .
thank god nobody threw up on the way up .
we passed !
we got off at the wedding and brought the bags together to the counter .
it was the first time since my brother 's wedding i last saw my nephew 's .
he was a year younger and definately looking more than me .
the time was roughly while time was .
in short , we wasted an hour of our room time , i demand !
3m okay , that was a lame joke
so anyway after NUM minutes of waiting , we got our cards and headed towards our .
the written on the in the wedding reminded me how low the temperature was in .
i saw a great sunday teddy showing - the musical and knew immediately that was my first choice to the
first thing we noticed about it was the view of the mountain side , woo it was cool !
time of 16th thrown by the previous were starting to collect at the window .
those people another thing we noticed is the scale that the link to both rooms .
it was almost sure that the NUM years are going to give everybody a each morning .
we took the weekend up to the floor and we stumbled upon a shopping complex in the same time .
we were quickly at NUM different tables since the NUM of us of n't fit as in the table .
i knew this was bad news , let 's just say this was an from heheh , .
sister 's family and maid was on the other table while i sat with brother 's one .
NUM fried of pork fried with pork sauce and rice , some bread arrived at the table .
the pork was so tough i think it the .
the other table seemed to be very enjoying their meals .
i suggested .
desert came when we finished our meal and we got !
after i blogged yesterday , i got back on was waiting to dork for a while then had a lot
dork on so we talked to each other until around NUM : love you dork !
a for talkin to me .
* .
first day back was n't all that bad .
after that the day went pretty smoothly .
i 'm really excited about my press pass and my driving pass for .
our choir is n't sounding too hot .
i know it was just the first day and everything , so maybe we 'll get better .
but i doubt that .
i 'm an .
wonder how many times i 'll move around this year .
after work today and i went to visit at the hospital .
he 's breathing on his own so that 's really good .
he 's gon na be fine .
i am really tired .
places i 'm going this summer : * NUM yay !
. visit grandparents , aunt , uncle , 's , is cousins .
solo flight . and . !
NUM week no parents !
* NUM conference !
yea man .
and thats all i think i might be going to the next camp in , .
cause i missed the last weekend and i might be bringing a for the camp jonathan ke .
oh yea , and about yesterday 's post .
i only typed it because .
it 's sorta wierd cause i do more things while she does n't .
can i be any ?

i 'm going back to bed
i had a wonderful weekend .
should be see should see that movie the is but the band rocks !
i am going to be able to see them at tour !
then saturday we purchased for a bit in 's pool .
then went to the weekend .
then we went to state college .
we went and saw a free concert !
omg we saw lit !
and her one for .
and at the end of the concert he me and .
well it was a weekend time but damn am i tired so i think i am looking up .
we did not get home until and then this we drove home so i am so tired .
i dont know when i will be able to post again because once again i am at my dads .
but when i can up here i will post as much as i can !
there 's more to that midwife , but it sounds funny right there as it is .
everyone should read about 's story if they havent been reading it already , it 's awsome .
erin , i 'm surprised .
i was expecting , now that i am queen i want title of my own , or something .
precious is too predictable for the times .
i 'm sure nate 's the and heather and 's the .
oh , and nate 's wife is now officially known as a .
it 's a great dish of soaked in .
stop , we 're playing !
home , at last , back from the wedding .
nevertheless , i had a great time really nothing more to say on that matter .
i watched NUM top gear episodes today , which all rocked i mean , duh , of course .
i guess i should finish .
so there time to do work -- if f ' x ' x
i 'm currently @ work waiting for the next NUM minutes to go by so i can go to the
so , this all means that i have to go straight from work to work .
i also like having my own car at work then i can leave whenever i want .
this pretty much thought when i 'm done eating and playing .
i went to 's hockey game last night and man was it awful .
not in the bar that there was n't much action , but that they lost really badly .
i picked up .
my parents did n't quite know that the game was in and they do n't need to be a .
unfortunately i got lost .
this added at least NUM minutes for turn .
wow do i hate them .
this is not to mention that the ?
i missed .
it 's dark , and you do n't know what you 're doing .
is this my destiny ?
lock in a computer shop all my life cant get out with my friends even it 'll just be a
i 'm NUM turning NUM on august but still not free yet here guys when ?
when will they give it to me ?
damn life i wish i should live than spending this what have i done ?
why i gon na live like this ?
song of the day : good morning by
wow , what a speed !
it seems that my life has hit a speed .
i know that sounds kinda weird , but that 's what basically happened .
it was a relationship speed .
it happened so fast that i 'm still trying to figure out why everything happened .
i think that the person saying that i was dating a .
so from now on , i make my own decisions .
i will not listen to people 's stupid opinions .
so unfortunately , on to the actual events .
sunday my bro called morgan for some unknown reason .
unfortunately she wanted to talk to me .
she said cindy had her to stop her liking me so that she could have me .
i do n't know if that 's a lie or not .
i 'll never know what to believe , so i 'll leave it at that .
i told cindy and she attempted to call morgan , but it was .
that 's what happened on sunday .
yesterday i got an email from folks asking me the questions that would lead to a relationship .
it took me forever to answer them honestly , even though it was only NUM questions .
so this is what happened .
last night me and cindy both agreed to stop going out and just be friends .
there was no chemistry going on between us .
if there was , i did n't see it .
also , i liked someone completely different .
i never like telling things ppl , i like to make them guess .
it 's kind of fun for me , but i do n't know the other side of the story .
unfortunately , now i am going out with .
no actual asking , i think it just happened .
enough talk about that .
the weekend was a band camp .
annoying at most , but it is worse than i thought .
on sunday we outside on .
it was really bad .
i could barely keep in step and kept falling behind .
i hope is better .
school is dumb but unfortunately needed to get a job that pays good .
i just want to stop doing drunk subjects .
i mean , how many are ppl actually going to become , teddy , or english teachers ?
that 's all for now .
maybe things will settle down soon .
definitely e hell man !
i 'm darn bored .
today i almost started doing the apartment for that for NUM .
yeah , the one i do n't have to do until september .
tonight should be fun , though .
we family + nicole are going to the wedding baseball game in dc .
we 've never been but i 've heard it 's a lot of fun .
the teams are republican democrat and they 're made up of and and .
i 've only seen them once since they moved back to .
i kinda hope they do n't come to the house though .
they have three little boys .
three little some boys .
check out the new links section !
but i am more for thankful 's approach towards this issue .
, he has caused much esp .
with foreign countries over the of the china issue .
i definitely think .
well , i have not much on the on elections elections .
but i hope the outcome outcome would be good .
other than this , my day was pretty uneventful .
my essay on is less than halfway through , but i can tell its gon na be long .
last night of the drakken day of my life . . ! !
i finally found out why the guy i like wo n't ask me out !
the reason why is .
i just wish i never met him . !
but everything happens for a reason only god knows why !
i just wish i did n't have to suffer so much !
do i really deserve it !
i have n't found a guy like that in forever !
but when i finally find my prince charming it never seems to work out !
i hope that god may bless him and that one day he does find a girl that meets to be
he makes no mistakes !
just have faith he will be there !
i 'm soo tired right now .
i joined and recently i 've been filling in the journals on there .
but lately i ca n't even post because of some error or what not .
so i 'm just going to copy what i wrote there and paste it in here well here .
it 's sunday night , NUM : NUM on the dot .
maybe you can only have NUM post a day or something ?
NUM : to know about something or other NUM : this one lady that my boss does n't have to
so i called lisa and jenny back , then i moved off a little bit .
then i get for off about NUM minutes and then lisa came home .
we called jenny and went to the gas station and the .
so i decided to work .
it 's lisa watched and don de .
this was the first time i actually saw the whole thing .
its a pretty good movie .
then we both took .
i ended up sleeping longer just i did n't wan na move and she got a phone call .
just came on the radio with a . ''
lisa 's starting to like them .
it really pisses me off after i type a big journal thing and i accidentally close out the window .
has n't happened to me yet tonight , and i hope it does n't .
there 's this new show on this called the days . ''
i 've been watching it lately .
call me weird , but the guy on there is kinda cute .
but i left step up out of there still a good song though .
oh , commercial break over , but it 's amy .
they completely this song and ruined it .
it was ruined once amy lee started singing in it though .
even though that was supposed to be the original but they never got around recording it until the .
the one with just is the best version .
erm thanx you can need to help me out if i try it .
do n't you think is is hot ?
, si aku .
ang ni bruce julian : .
o , , di ba ?
does n't speak .
we 're talking about calling a friend of ours .
he 's not here .
well , if you 'll come to our country , i 'll let you meet him .
, does ye have a good database of telephone ?
could you make a website out of our telephone numbers ?
i have a few at home .
let 's just keep it a private library of ours .
do you know what is completely ?
any of the discovery channel 's animal shows .
why do they have so many ?
i think it 's all the animal sex that keeps people there .
animal shows have even the country 's favorite mid morning , and kelly .
a - over 's head .
the audience screamed a lot .
was it a his wacky '' ?
now he 's right up with there all the other cock ' spoon ' . ''
i wanted to be a job - you just did n't call on me .
my family got a kitty .
im so happy right now !
lol anyway the new kitty is awesome and i love it already .
cute is white and and we still need to come up a new for her .
so far we have rose , , , and .
i really like his and rose so we 'll see what we decide for her .
anyway shes a sweetie and very to all and around awesome .
this totally made my day !
went to for june for today .
just because i 'm late , i did n't get to sit with my friends .
anyway , i did n't inform them that i 'm coming today and maybe they 're quite to .
as usual , lee 's teaching is full of jokes that made us laugh our heads off .
his class is good , only that sometimes he explain things very fast .
the cosmos will work than it 's supposed to be and when i walked home it 's already .
this is with nothing but problems ideas .
well boy did i have a bad day .
although you could say bad afternoon really .
where are we .
thats a bit cold and wet .
fair enough if it were sunny but this is england !
we do n't do sun !
then bloody chris in english .
he was trying to hit lee but got me instead an pretty well .
if i had looked up just at that moment it would 've got me in the eye .
when then i knew 's questions and it took too ten minutes just for people to write it .
now i am and wondering where our jo has gone .
where you ma .
and jackie , i got back here on earth dvd !
omg i love that song by .
i have a few things to say .
first of all , i am surrounded by bitches .
male bitches its the only way to describe them .
excuse me , but i wasnt the one who said , this friendship is denim over .
dont bother calling anymore '' and then hang up on me .
he 's gon na give me a break down .
and then he goes on on and about how it thought i would be done and that bull .
and then he gives me the most dramatic goodbye ever i should have saved it .
lol but .
but he 's all , whats that supposed to mean ?
n im like , dude ur the one who 's saying good bye , that will be red .
so like , yea .
but he gets pissed by starts acting bitchy .
i told him to take go a n then blocked him .
so he 's made .
and why would i even care . ?
cuz i dont want to get attached to him , only to have him throw me off to the
that would suck so maybe i should really believe i can want to .
ugh this is so totally not cool .
is great , is n't it ?
tonight might not have been action packed , but it was great weekend .
and on on and at .
i have the art art ?
also , i 'll be doing a few weeks of in the mornings for an adorable little girl .
and remember crazy , my conservative government teacher ?
i am am papers for his summer school classes for a small fee , as well .
a few people , loved ones actually , from my past have begun to my memories .
what could that be or mean ?
i do n't know .
these days , i have a bit to much time on my hands to think .
i should be meeting my roommate on the phone in a few days .
all i know so far is a name , a phone number , and that she is from austin .
whatever that means very to or , next place should be quite an adventure .
whoever you are reading this lovely personal , please call me .
maybe you know who the mystery ?
or maybe you are him .
so much to talk about .
first of all , i just realized that i am really , really sexy .
like , sexy .
i am too sexy for my shirt , and for that matter my shoes , socks and pants .
i 'm so hot , i could melt number NUM plastic .
actually not really , i just wanted to give an idea of what an money that would keep like as
anyway , .
if she were n't ten years older and already married , i would be in love with her .
of course , it did n't help that .
the new worst movie ever untill NUM : NUM .
we threw him a surprise party ; it was lots of fun .
why not rent the .
just thought i 'd throw that out in other news '' we re goin '' to .
we beat .
it was really crazy after we found out , and everyone was .
this girl comes up and hugs me , then she 's like .
we 'd never even met before !
it was very funny .
and now , messages to the other four .
thomas : join the blog !
sidenote : as far as the hair thing goes , you 're so hot i never noticed your hair .
sidenote : is not my word , is .
is all yours .
and i did a way good job this was only like the time i 've driven a car .
and i still have to say cause my life is very very so i am going to go now .
what 's on my mind ?
today , for some reason or the other , one thing has been bothering me .
the connection between and english , is a terrible one .
i 'm not all here on , these days past few weeks , i 've come to realize .
all are really .
i 'm not sure all of being so , but it is true .
hell , i do n't know where i got the inspiration for this blog entry .
just came into my mind , and bang , i start writing !
it is a sad reality to quote the debate teacher of mine .
speaking of work , i do n't really know if i really enjoy it .
just read a blog of one of my best friends who said something about passion and what not .
no here , but if you sincerely do not gain anything from putting myself through this endless torture .
i 'll be the first to admit , i love this classes .
i love off to play off games whenever there gets out of the library .
i like hanging out with my office law '' friends all day doing .
and i guess the best thing of all is to win
but , then again , i feel stupid and silly .
i 'm a virtual unknown in the team .
not that i care , but i just feel left out .
it is real crappy .
it also ai n't very .
whoever came up with the rule that at least one speaker must be in a debate team is .
what 's with these ' my girl ?
why do they got ta front ?
what did we ever do to these guys that made them so violent ?
, but you know i 'm yours .
, and i know you 're mine .
, and that 's for all the time .
chorus , i look just like buddy holly .
, and you 're mary tyler moore .
i do n't care what they say about us anyway .
i do n't care that .
do n't you ever fear , i 'm always near .
i know that you need help .
your tongue is twisted , your eyes are .
you need a .
, and you know i 'm yours .
, and i know you 're mine .
, and that 's for all the time .
chorus i do n't care that .
knock on the door , another big bang , you 're down on the floor .
what do we do ?
do n't look now but i lost my shoe .
i ca n't run and i ca n't kick .
what 's a matter babe , are you feelin ' sick ?
what 's a matter , what 's a matter , what 's a matter you ?
what 's a matter babe , are you feelin ' blue ?
and that 's for all the time .
chorus i do n't care that .
well , i 've done two great things in two days !
last night , was being was bitchy to my dad .
i felt sorry for him because he had just got home from work and was stressing out about that .
so i went in my room as he went into his to get on his laptop .
keep in mind that my room is right next to his .
so i get on the computer , put in my teddy board and switch it to a song called .
here it is : what 's a dad for dad ?
my brother eric played this for my dad a couple months ago and it made him cry .
how sweet is that ?
unfortunately , i had that time while he was in his room .
about an hour later , he .
and i nodded my head and smiled .
he was like . thank you . ''
and he gave me a huge hug .
aw man i 'm about to cry thinking about it individually .
it really made him happy .
i 'm in behind the wheel as you know , where you drive around with another student and instructor .
well , josh usually drives to where ever we 're going and i drive back .
on the way back , i 'm like , can we please see my husband ?
i wan na give her a hug .
since we 're already going to take with where i works figured it 'd be a nice surprise .
so he 's like .
so i park the car and walk into .
it 's a child .
and the women are like are you her daughter ?
she was smiling so wide it was great .
and then she came out to meet my driving instructor and before i left , i gave her another .
when i got home from work a couple ago before , i was like , so i guess i am
i was like yes !
so i hugged her again .
all in all , it 's been a fucking great day .
i have to go to work at NUM though but that 's okay .
nothing 's going to ruin my great mood !
song from an episode of simpsons where they went to a musical on broadway about the ford clinic of the
welcome back enough of that .
the only good thing about that show was a hot john .
anyway , welcome back .
random : the font the daily uses is .
have you ever wondered why people are like that ?
okay , so maybe i am no , no , i 'm not clever .
why do people ignore you ?
why do you ignore them ?
maybe you 're ignoring the fact that you do n't or do like them or some thing .
i 'm sure there 's too many 's to list in that !
but then , if you things too much then you do n't live , you watch .
i finally get to get up bed outta , get on a computer and update !
lol all of course after reading blog .
: p well done .
lol chocolate .
with chocolate chips '' in all reality .
oh unfortunately gawd , nervous and scared as hell outta my damn mind .
i went to the at NUM : and sat around for a good hour .
my aunt linda was there with my mom so that kinda helped , does quiet shit .
then i get into my son very night and i change into this evening .
it was white with red and blue stars and white half .
: p can i get a amen !
lol well i was still crying all in fear of the shot that was going in my ass .
well they did it , and it didnt hurt for the record .
needles dont hurt i just panic over .
but oh well , my brain is messed up .
then , i was nice feelin after as with they took me to get my .
oh .
they my hand , i became over cry that another either and then i didnt even feel to be .
they put my arms out away from me and i asked if they were me down , no .
lol and they told me i had to wake up more first .
, the old lady volunteer wouldnt let my mom outta the waiting room cuz she didnt believe she was the
my mom and i had heard last names .
anyways she finally came .
lol i do remember this , but i called my doctor jesus .
of all names !
i chose jesus !
lol thank ya jesus !
yeah along with shaking my head around making a horse .
yea and wednesday and thursday friends came by !
i love them .
i love them much .
lauren brought me a white fuzzy teddy pillow !
omg i loved it !
all the people that mean the most to me stopped by and i really happy .
spent normal spent all with me thursday while everyone else was at work !
we had a lot of time , we see movies and ate way too much .
my spell ?
is back and in .
lol liz came over and after they both time both and came over .
lol fun stuff that was all yesterday .
but i dont have to use my .
and my goal is to go at least half a day to work this monday time stuff .
lol everyone is at work right now !
hahahaha and im not .
and i have pain pills !
hahah fo bum !
all my friends were over when i was stoned off my ass .
lol i really do remember everything about that sites as that i was happy .
: d oh and i shared the weekend .
lol i love all of this guys .
how and .
* much love and *
. .
. march NUM years ang prom !
.
. i wan na sleep . sleep ! !
. may color na .
dont you just hate when someone truly believes they are superior .
his post was was completely out of nowhere and .
first of all , you are a true .
you dont dress like a group .
but you do dress like an when you are clearly not .
you are in clothing , thus making you a horrible person .
and the .
so stop trying to make yourself look smart by libra .
and buddy , you are calling me a rebel without a cause ?
you stayed at home for NUM last year 'cause you convinced little mommy had a tummy ache .
so shut up you boy .
i go to a movie my mommy wont let me .
buddy , and and .
you predictable teenager you .
thank god that you dont like , , and basketball shirts .
there are too many of you .
stop fucking buying .
if you . , ok .
please feel free to publish your opinion in the comments .
needs some sense , and if you dont yell at him , i will drive his mothers .
with the time you gave for from it , sounds like you fit the bill .
kill yourself you .
well hello everyone , the new office cd came out today you should guys get out and go out .
here is their newest single its an awesome song !
. '' push my fingers into my eyes
it 's the only thing that slowly stops the ache
if the pain goes on !
all i 've got all i 've got is insane !
i am not in pleasant moods currently .
it shows everything else , except that -- that 's all i really want shown .
i even took away my interests , and my music .
but no no erin .
my favourite books , smell like paper .
i love the smell of words , i could go to the book store and sit for hours .
tonight , steven called me .
we got to talk on the phone for roughly three hours !
it was so great !
that irish accent of his -- me .
takes away anything bad in my day , and makes it perfect .
i even hear that i was annoyed with blogger just now .
* s i g h * love is amazing
i 'm in a baby state right now i ca n't really focus on this , my own .
over and over the conversation that i had just two hours ago life is sweet .
i am so in love .
this part is going to be much shorter because i had much less ' time compared to the .
a benefit to the whole thing .
unlike the summer jazz thing , i 'll be doing this next year .
last weekend i went down the white river with my weekend , over , and brother .
that was a lot of fun .
it was kinda shallow in spots so we had to get out and push my dad 's as sometimes .
it was my first time in a .
they 're great more compared to .
i almost flipped mine once when i went . rather quickly over a rock .
if anyone i know reads this and wants to go , we should plan a trip .
if no one reads this on the other hand , we probably wo n't go cause i 'll forget .
i do n't remember how much it was , but i think it was worth it .
had a lot of fun .
parties are great when people get along and nobody really hates anyone else there .
i do n't remember being at one of these these parties , but i heard they 're no fun .
well there you go , the good side , not much , but it was good .
i should do more of these good things to make my summer good .
.
and she hav to burn his !
i think so !
'' , .
and hes wearing a , ' its not too late !
it is th best internet cartoon ever known to man and shall remain way until the end of the
they . show suggestion box . !
he was they gain off the they off . ? ?
or not memorial day , the true mark of the beginning of summer and it 's not even not .
lazy day at first 's art some nice shows television * and then by brad by the .
who btw , had the job and was simply happy about that that !
went with uni to her pool .
out to subway , then to the movies with all my new - senior '' buddies !
it for being a wonderful * lol * .
jill 's graduation , time , then out to dinner !
i love food gawd i love food !
brad and lee to the rescue again !
the movie was pretty good probably due to the i was .
then we went and made a round of sec video because it was .
it was a blast !
my summer would be lacking lacking them !
and that 's my summer !
haha felt the need to write about it knowing it 's bound to go from here on !
a .
best friends . .
yes yes .
his eyes one balls finger ya all far near fingers double fingers !
cracking up during stars talk ?
ya thats us !
signing your bag in a song singing blood blood a practices ?
hey everyone : is everybody either doing a poem or doing the essay that talks about robert ?
anybody doing any essay .
or i 'm just such an weekend that i can find not a single to share ideas with the
and to those who i have come to love .
i must protect you .
that was the task i had to do .
all NUM of them even the most annoying one , in the end i do not hate them .
recent events have me thinking .
why has the body suddenly become so ?
where has the .
and we stood ground and of the .
we saw what respect we had held had .
we had been sure we were once kind and but the . took advantage of the the as .
ohh they learned not to mess with us .
i for one had decided to change my way i handle the fuckers .
you fucking better watch your mouth or i will beat you up . ''
the small asshole was shaking and his friends look in shock and awe .
they had never seen that happen .
i let the monster come out .
i had had enough .
no fucking person was ever going to get away with even a small comment .
we are going to start a new code of .
you walk , talk , look at us with work , we will hunt you down .
no more days grow .
darkness - -
feel like doing so .
so everytime i blog it will probably be and random .
it took a while to realized that i had been reading and listening to music and work to the
but that is n't really important .
what homework do i have anyway ?
that wo n't take that long and i can probably manage to do it in .
do we have science homework ?
no do n't answer i 'm sure we have loads .
wow this post was so totally stupid and .
i must be more bored than i thought .
i shall go make a sunday morning .
.
`` at josh 's surprise party .
what had the hell my birthday is in NUM weeks you moved my drums ?
how did you get here * said to me ?
. and who invited rob ?
his 's response .
homer is such is a this '' .
meaning to say .
'' '' and for a 'NUM years ' .
saturday , june NUM , NUM .
she wanted me to be her partner in crime .
of course i agreed .
for the next NUM weeks she called me at least day , and even came to my from .
the day finally came for the big surprise party .
well , so far , all went as planned .
we went to the bbq .
until NUM : NUM came around , when i asked him if we could go to his house to be
his response should have been for yes '' .
i 've figure no or make it obviously i had to go .
so i just agreed .
so my mother drove us to his house , and he got out and we bid farewell .
but as soon as the van doors closed and josh was in the house i was almost in the
i thought i was going to miss the big surprise i had been planning .
but at that moment , before i shed a tear , his father comes running outside and waved me .
josh had gone to the wedding .
i quickly ran inside and was practically thrown into the basement by his brother .
i knew that when the NUM people downstairs saw me come down , they might yell surprise .
but by luck , all that happened was rob 's '' has '' .
i quickly got married in the dark and and josh 's .
the basement door .
then josh 's unexpected response .
the night was fun .
watched , went to the park and had fun watching the boys on the swings .
i wish i got to try it though and that , was the event i had been that .
and by .
he had no idea .
probably because his birthday isnt until july NUM .
it was still grand .
these songs of praise i 'll never endure .
song of the want your sex part NUM by george michael
i must go and get some breakfast good day !
of love and , .
hey today is NUM months just after my birthday weekend !
haha nah lame .
been so so tired these few days all due respect to all the that i 've done .
wa amen i study like afternoon .
same still last night i slept at NUM . etc when will my work nights ? ?
i 'm like feeling dizzy every now and then in .
had a chat with alex last night .
he 's in poly now now offers and he was his me about his orientation .
haha yeah all the best man !
all .
come to think of it , i 'm missing quite the december holiday which was just after the office .
it was so fun and relaxing .
going to fren 's house to play .
going out walk walk watch movie .
go .
because they lack the kind of between them .
well there can be .
is it just me , or does the school population seem to be getting more and more stupid ?
they could have asked them to move , but just moved away , and left me torn to no .
what is up with these people .
why they should just all this each other .
i suppose though , if that were possible , we would n't be the most country hated in the
and i agree with tim that we not talk about our different from here on .
you all know that i am a job christian and i always will be .
so do n't email me and tell me that i am a bad person or that i do .
thank you for you time !
i 'm such a sweet and happy .
i have a new idea , quite possibly the best one yet .
we should split into two teams , the united states of blog and the states of blog .
each team gets their own blog .
each team also gets their own account .
for one week , each team tries to eat more brains than the other team .
you may affect b of d , however the changes must be .
doug and i would be on arcade self , and would not make any new things or delete old .
vote in the new poll to vote on whether or not this is cool .
weird . huh . with . and . . ! ! !
three fucking years .
its a long time .
but they be to be in the future when i can say NUM years and years NUM then .
life is coming for me .
at the show they have right .
i do n't want fucking chocolate and stuffed animal toys .
i want .
what a weekend
they ran out of mother fucking pork which is the only thing i eat from the of .
a golden ray kisses the earth , as if to say goodbye .
a last glorious , a mighty farewell .
slowly shadows across the land across , the of the , the of the night of .
the office of work .
, , of all laughing at the .
the in the west will fade , the norm of an the her halo , replaced by the house .
jamie is so pure
and of course , to be in line with this ideal , education starts to shift towards with the .
we can leave for countries for countries like china who has the resources .
i sent in a wedding email to , the government body in charge of business registration .
does it makes sense to you ?
register your business under the name of someone above NUM years of age .
; op what i suggest is , if possible , create an environment young can start to stop .
as to how , we shall leave that to the office minister for ?
justin , i am thee .
as says hi , everybody .
he just won NUM bucks from us in a texas hold 'em game that took NUM hours to play .
wait , it 's technically already morning .
which means i need to sleep .
i thought this was really funny .
the last paragraph was one of my favorite parts , because that is also how i feel about .
one of them is NUM and the other is NUM .
they can go from nice to devil in a matter of seconds .
they kept trying NUM beat eachother up and there NUM small so they can offer .
i feel kinda bad these NUM kids family there gives them little this -- that .
even in the summer !
i have NUM wait on them like a slave .
i got NUM $ though
its !
shes like .
its gone with the wind .
i do n't necessarily mean win , i just mean remain .
stick to it until its done .
our human to is quit to too soon .
our human to is stop to before we cross the finish line .
jesus did n't quit .
but do n't think for one minute he was n't tempted to .
watch him as he his my and teddy .
look at him he as sits he at 's or hear him as the .
did he ever want to quit ?
thats why his words are so - .
remember , a is not one with no job or .
quite to the contrary , he like the is and is bloody and .
mother is with as your boss just do n't call us to be successful , just faithful .
the .
he , like paul , may even be bound and beaten .
but he remains ! ''
today was quite difficult in boot camp .
ok , what the heck ?
it nearly !
it 's just .
sorry , boring blog today .
tommorow , i am going to be going to their new place and spending the night .
on another note , i am my website 's home page at .
my husband when i grow up , i must be to a job with this - -- one with a
he must report home everyday before .
or else i will slap him once for late .
sometime , i dun mind if he shout at him .
cos this can show his ma .
finally to the kitchen to prepare he 's breakfast which mainly contain .
however i am i will end up in the hospital this lunch with him .
i will surely dress in that particular country costume and ya goes to eat man will like the .
cos they are wat visual creature .
i will show i him wat i learned today !
i only know i love her
day work today in work .
made one day work day seem like a year .
turns up i 'm getting more fucking braces .
not for a while though .
maybe college or next year , well that 's a major difference .
NUM years , actually it 's not , well for sunday it is or not .
i 'm sitting down in that damn chair while a little girl sits next to me .
maybe i 'm just .
if you could a time , close the projected window .
nobody wants to see that shit . ''
i 'm my old music on my computer for instance right now i 'm listening to .
attached at the hip .
ok i 'm attached to rush so i 'm looking can go see some rush in !
they say that honesty is the best policy .
but is it necessarily the best thing if everyone ends up getting hurt ?
i mean , im just attracted to do the right thing for money , but i just have sure .
its such a fucked up situation and im just tryin to deal with it the best that i can have
im sorry to anyone be gotten terribly off by this all i , glad it was an intention .
random fact about for all of you who dont know , my nickname is .
ya 'll dont have to call me that or keep , but it makes me feel special to have a
figured , if u really want to call me that , thats ok too .
man .
ya hear b jones and the fruit fruit cake ?
good morning is crazy $ NUM : NUM . i up .
i swear he gets .
so him and are gone !
i watched .
i almost cried , it was a good one .
: -rrb- so i am my body several my natalie NUM months and julia .
i took them for a walk .
then we went to thier house , ate and played .
then i took them to the park .
then i told julia it was time to leave and she started crying and everybody looked at me .
so last night , me and tim went to 's .
we purchased in her pool , in the rain !
it was just us , plus this annoying kid trying to share my life .
it was fun .
then my mom picked us up and took us to tim 's house , where we see of the
i had never seen that movie .
it was hot stuff .
then left and me and tim went in the basement with his bro and robert and austin .
i will a play to song a on the guitar , but i sucked .
so all the guys played guitar , tonight austin had the .
so then we all left , and i walked home .
so thats my life .
now im know as mad .
has the coolest belt ever !
* know and tim are coming to my game tonight .
and they 're wearing shirts that say in go ' '' .
they rock my baseball socks off .
* quotes : .
!
my .
remember NUM years as .
i love being .
just kidding about that .
you ca n't blame me for wanting to make a blog .
i mean , why not let everyone know about me ?
anyway , back to the subject of this blog , . hello '' .
my name 's matt , and i like breath .
so there 's my introduction .
about my day today , i woke up late .
sometimes it sucks to be the only one in the house who is .
i do n't care , though , because once he a new time i , will hopefully get to be
i 'm going to stick it in my closet along with my other broken , messed up , ancient and
i save all of my family 's old .
but hey , who knows when i may need a , email , flat u-v ?
we talked about what we want to be when we grow up .
i have no idea , because every single person in the world is better at everything than i am .
you yourself are probably better at jumping than i am .
because i have never been jumping , and i do n't plan on doing it anytime soon .
thanks for the concern .
homer this is on right now .
i like watching his show , because it 's on television and i like watching television occasionally .
i 'm going to mess with the layout of this blog now , i guess .
i need to make it look fantastic , just like .
* gasp * i finally got round to posting !
it took a whole night for me to feel like doing it , but i 'm doing it again .
take that , rob .
well , guess what i 've heard !
a new charlie and the chocolate factory film !
the old one is given
in this new one , johnny depp stars .
he acts like some kind of good actor or something .
do i think it could be a good film ?
it could be the best film ever if the appeared though .
i 'll i just have a glass of milk , ' . ''
i look forward to the 's guide to the .
it looks like it 'll be good maybe if possibly it works just a little bit well .
granted of the dead is your god .
it is quite possibly one of the country films i 've ever seen .
though the matrix still has a special in my heart .
bruce should have been should better .
they used up all the good jokes in the trailer really is fucking weird .
men coffee and people eating their own brains you tell me that that 's a normal film .
i NUM stop !
whats this u ?
i NUM stop !
whats this u ?
to have my last day of work speech to be our post .
well homer figured out that this means that there is one day left of work .
well i need to ask is there anybody not returning to next year ?
ok i think im done im gon na be outside to play with .
work nights + nobody to talk to besides god lack of stuff to do at blogging = .
i want to say sorry for being an lesson jerk and for being the sorry person that i am not
sorry for me being me time by time , as i sit here today .
dreams of you , offer but comfort to my mind .
thoughts going wild , people telling lies .
when will we learn to this foolish this , to drop our job ''
the is currently accepting members .
you can help with the production of the items , and may attend meetings depending on the the world .
- if not in either of these areas you may become a remote member .
hehe , the office jump just arrived and its .
hehe , its girls .
i saw . had one and i had to be a copy .
apparently was well today , it sucked .
yesterday have been a good thing , monday night bright and friggin early . ''
so i 've never down .
i should n't have freaked out as much as i did last night , i was emotional crazy .
and now its done .
i need to get ready for work .
there 's a hole in my wall .
yeah , last night i was a total !
we played .
actually , come to think of it , despite the boredom , i still had a good time .
informed us that 's stomach 's hurts , and he thinks she has .
we washed the van last night , and went to burger king .
it was a good time , and seth has the spider man game at 9am out figured .
for five bucks i could probably share the secret ; .
anyway , i 'm tired , and i have work tomorrow , so i 'm going to go .
mood : happy , got to spend the whole day with : currently here : playing - rrb -
* '' i ca n't believe im going to be in the stupidest team .
counter terrorist unit obviously there 's no such thing as !
well its kinda exciting and i kinda like it !
* * i can feel that monday is going to be the worst day in the last week of the
so many projects to do and im so scared !
will somebody help me ?
im sick of this
but then , i could n't see him
whoa , good luck sa !
addicted - .
.
: didnt go to wedding today sigh .
man somehow i feel confused stuffs been happening .
i definitely to say bout it all .
but i just believe i 'd like it .
maybe i 'm too sensitive ?
hah still the same question 's running thru my head was hard it ?
why was it not me ? '
sometimes feel like .
i guess i care bout it all .
live a happy life i .
but sometimes its hard not to care catch it simply i mean ?
wish i am sorta turn back time .
i convince made them a much b4 my distance maybe ?
sigh think i 'm just again .
boy when will these mood sings ever stop ?
chaz but then again my now is beautiful road and daddy has given me the right to the .
so i 'm just gon na abuse that right !
usually haha i feel better already .
ok so maybe fabulous women seems almost flying patience to remind .
and that he 's given them the right to enjoy .
man if its made beautiful by god then it must be super extremely good .
: come to admit of it god 's goodness is really beyond words .
man his mercy is much more in man : everything is him i .
people need the lord !
he gives u the grace to do something .
then he us for doing it .
: haha such grace .
man anyways began to go soon i 'll be !
it is for those moments that we are alive , and it would n't be living without those moments .
- rip out my words the wo n't come out right .
what are you thinking ?
i feel like im . ''
then i see tennis all day .
it was a long day and i have to and hot spots from tennis .
lol remember thought when you sent me that letter ?
i had no idea that the first paragraph was lyrics to a song .
have fun with that .
and thanks for picking up wallet too !
i ca n't wait for this to come on .
i really the the shows the like my so my called life '' .
also .
mood : omg listening to : me and hosting the .
hey .
know but i am still make back : blog p hehe that !
so anyway i hope your day went well and wasnt to sucky !
i hate that man he is a !
lesson and his as black hair holds that his skin his skin together !
* ohh out boss !
* well .
he truly is a monster !
anyway about that onto other stuff !
the .
-rrb- . yay . a . -rrb- . and ! ! ! -lrb- !
* here is a list of stuff that got me through today !
the teddy chocolate sauce !
i will make em ya sometime .
of mr pains !
view fun !
hah gosh my condition is really what my performance during training .
i guess i really need that work .
i mean there 's much i can do .
NUM .
haha NUM that guy is damn damn damn damn friendly .
i went to allison g 's christmas in july party . ''
it was interesting that 's all i 'll say .
a plus was her grandma had an individually .
it was so nice .
the bad thing about it was i got even more burnt to the point of now i am in the
if i just sit my leg gets !
alison and i have a great time being great idiots of course , as always .
lets see , what else went on , we watched a white a christmas . ''
most stupid movie on the planet .
i mean , there are just a few that are in question , like oklahoma .
i had to drive them there and drop them off .
all i heard from the concert was crap so i do n't know what they were expecting lol .
i got the new code code in the mail today to read cuz i ordered it on the internet .
oh and to add to my blog from yesterday , i did n't tell what ali m did in the
we were all alone and we were bored .
she left a chocolate mark too we saw it when the screen went white for a minute .
yeah that 's all i got ta say about today .
brian got his off off , do n't know how that all went .
i 'm sure he 's a .
low i 'm for for !
this i find interesting , and with it i 'll have a to go for $ NUM .
even the .
it 's funny i did indeed learn my lesson from last month 's disaster , and what did n't have
i placed a on the site .
and before yesterday 's comments , a nice comment to hopefully it .
well i 'll be happy to share out details here but certainly not now .
and i 'm .
i when i read that .
i say what i 'm thinking .
why do i keep it here ?
that 's an obvious answer .
do n't like it ?
the office back '' button is right there , in front of you .
even private blogs this is not are subject to work .
i wish i had a bag of boxes .
spoken by ?
no .
of boxes .
you may be wondering why i have been absent recently .
i went to florida , and not to orlando or the the either .
we even to work down our own television , which kept the .
day NUM friday : this is when things started to get interesting .
someone named bob that he had returned to florida .
thank the lord that he was at the grocery store for us .
well , we had to high tail it to , florida .
it took us NUM hours to go on a NUM hour trip since my daughter 's car kept breaking .
day NUM saturday : we stayed in , florida at my wife 's place .
sidenote : the above .
another week of tight schedule , but i was able to get up into a little before the common .
there were any weekend due to that too .
my english paper was yesterday .
my wife key always .
something really unexpected happened though .
my job assignment got selected as one of entries for competition .
i never expect that i would write well as compared to one of my choir .
no matter how i try , mine would never score high .
my only best entry .
there were four of them , three who were really great in english , except for me .
i 'm so afraid though , perhaps it 's really luck which help me .
or maybe my prayer worked .
that .
will i am such results during my tests ?
hopefully chemistry was today .
i did the almost last minute .
to my relief , all topics were mostly through my lower full spoon .
hope i can score !
but i guess do n't being optimistic here 's part of my !
around the a soft , somewhat red sound came from a distance to where i was .
what could it be ?
the .
still and yet .
, blue coffee rose and fell creating , wonderful creating pieces of art work .
perhaps i m just i thought , wondering off without any further .
how it did it not last long .
black clouds gathered across the horizon , the once the scenery .
the bad . was
in the next moment , the the waves were moving creating , a greater impact on a much .
i am in all directions .
just then , there was something which caught my attention a cave at the cliff .
without further , i would n't desperately towards it , my shoes along .
luck was not on my side .
as drops of rain landed heavily on me , it slipped through my clothing , sending slipped down my
my teeth , i my way through the , aching to reach the cave any minute .
the view was fuzzy and barely clear , with the of wet sand with my bare .
is there really a cave ?
millions of thoughts went pass my mind .
despite the hitting of rain drops on the ground , the other sound goes on the oven , nothing .
it seemed to give me hope , pulling me through the worries i had .
you know be there around the corner , it to me .
carry on . it was an encouragement that .
as i proceeded further , i the verse in my mind .
in a moment , i spotted a couple of light , but pushing the heavy pour of water .
was it an i that i had ?
the meantime grew as .
if we hold on together on your speakers loud !
: p * may the music never end , with us a circle of love * read my life .
| sign my !
is it sad that i honestly mean it .
no i didnt want my lessons i need gossip !
i missed my with kelly n ppl !
always good the week on a tuesday !
but i had only NUM lessons when some beer with pete n .
hehe my lessons were known NUM , n it was fun !
gd NUM c ppl !
was gd NUM !
we had ben n !
we got hyper !
me , kim n got a pot between us !
not very easy NUM eat it whilst a. NUM a woman a pete off it !
dont why no wedding NUM try with get to or .
coz ive got NUM in a row so we have ordered of time NUM get hi !
and of course do work : s hehe !
i really should settle down .
n like curly coz my exams on mon !
* but i just can hear myself it do where it im with such funky women in my .
it makes me smile !
that n other things but no how it is it !
i realise hence learned does on the spot or feel : s about things i tend NUM or NUM .
* i really * * alot !
like hurts ' kinda gd !
i mean the words !
not necessarily from me but u can imagine saying that to u !
n its all * sigh !
* o my word its fantastic !
its called winter ' by sister !
* sigh * i could just be up in a ball when 3m is it NUM !
it actually makes me cry !
why does nothing ever go my way ?
why do guys see me as someone who its perfectly okay to fuck over and lie to ?
i feel so god damn worthless .
i want to lay down and die .
because i feel like a of .
no one gives a midwife about me .
not even my stupid self .
life is so pointless and cruel .
why do i play myself like this ?
i wish i had some .
i would totally be right now .
bloody hell its freezing here , excuse my language but it is freezing , too cold by far .
i fell in love with that song and nobody knows where the heck to find the full song .
i just finished .
maybe i 'm weird but i love this . . . !
: and NUM . how would you like to be one of the world 's leading on the .
do you think that 's true ?
umm on second thought you do n't need to answer me !
i just thought that sounded crazy !
how 'd ya like to do a study like that one ?
ok , enough on this topic .
i 'm gon na get some work done now .
i 'm aware of my job use of periods i do not care
his names nathan .
and i can type , im just lazy .
besides , know what know i mean .
all characters in this blog are by .
any to a real person , living or dead is one hell of a coincidence .
nearly the end of february now and not a single post for a whole month !
i 'm doing bad .
i promise to update more often now !
finished a load of a off recently and we have a quick exam on wednesday .
i have been getting straight a * s in the practice tests come .
ooh and .
big news that was lol got to work to find with .
i 'll post some time this week lol : p
after my post yesterday i started to do stuff like figure on my list , and do you .
i feel much less stressed out !
well , im too not been there too much to do which is !
i 'm also trying to drop psychology cause its just crap !
mood : tired music : curly talk shows on '' its '' friday the .
we had the day off today due to development development day .
mom brought her home she was complaining of a friggin ' fever .
i gave her her meds and then she slept a bit while i popped in a couple dvd 's
we are a dvd player now , homes !
anyhoo , im babysitting now .
on the way over this the .
and yes , kudos to me for smart i put three bags into one in case she tossed .
well she did and only this will me .
i think mom needs to stop me and take a look at everything i do for this family .
alright i dont want to get into this .
we are in the air and it smells like shit .
im spending the night at 's house sunday night with her and sarah .
then monday there 's no school due to president 's day so we 're going to to shop .
i do need less of an ass , so i plan to shop it off .
im gon na go now .
you 've always known that though
guess what i do in an hour ?
i 'm going with jane .
die , skin !
i ca n't even type that without feeling guilty .
i 'm going to keep my face covered ; i just need tan legs .
i have long , beautiful , this legs !
i 'm not lying , though ; my legs are probably my best from i , it being NUM .
they might as well be long , beautiful , tan , .
i went for a long jog yesterday , and i 'm excited to get them in shape again .
i 've decided against writing my thesis my paper .
i shall believe to kill my skin instead .
i make so many bad choices when it comes to certain things .
that was the greatest concert i 've ever been to ever !
ok , peter was amazing on the guitar .
for those of you who love the guitar i suggest you listen to one of his songs .
but , .
their voices even sounded exactly the same from the early years !
the person who played the keyboard and did a lot of the lead singing is officially my .
he 's also really amusing .
and he started playing on the keyboard and everyone on stage started square dancing .
and all of .
okie .
it 's been a fairly interesting week or two .
i have n't updated in a while , i know .
i kind of got drunk for a while there , so i could n't update .
it was beyond my control .
anyway dance .
, mark and sara went to watch me .
boy i feel loved .
oh man , it was quite the night .
light light = not good to play with .
spit it all out on everyone because he 's a pussy and could n't take it .
everyone was so drunk .
note to self : avoid karaoke machines when drunk .
my husband and any are quite amusing .
sara , .
it was hilarious and a half .
so , things with mark are in nicely .
i like him a lot .
i can just be me with him ; i 'm not insecure about our relationship at all .
we 've been doing a lot of stuff , i 've gone with him than i had initially .
we talked about that too and decided that we should slow it down a bit .
he 's an awesome guy and he 's so understanding and just sure , so amazing .
the family likes him too , i think .
which is a good thing .
well i have not written for quite some time now .
yeah so anyway not much is yesterday we had our first .
it was great .
yup this weekend is the last of the play oh boy it 's been rely great .
well now i must go and seek my fortune bye for now
i like .
using band names , spell out your name .
have you ever had a song written about you ?
what song makes you cry ?
what song makes you happy ?
kenny zone NUM .
what do you like to listen to before bed ?
: navy blue what song what are you listening to ?
: american idol thats on downstairs what taste is in your mouth ?
: .
: humid how are you ?
: depressed a bit d o y o u get motion sickness ?
: at times , especially reading in the car have a bad habit ?
: yup get along with your parents ?
: most of the time , except when i get an attitude attitude '' like to drive ?
sidenote : straight current crush : none been in love ?
: am right now had a hard time getting over someone : not answering this question been hurt ?
: purple what makes you happy ?
: when im alone , or with david who makes you the ?
: david , or , what 's the next cd you 're gon na get ?
: eh who do you consider good friends ?
: last night you got a real letter ?
this is when my address is most appropriate .
el chicken chicken .
i , , and frozen .
i ca n't look at them without my stomach into a tight little .
i basically ate them because i was lazy and hungry and did n't feel cooking like something .
i now regret my decision .
it cost me what i thought was only going to be .NUM cents .
it may have cost me much , much more .
shall i ever know ?
sadly , i think not .
and there you have it .
i lost out of every single out even my nose of my body in a period .
on the bright side , i did lose NUM pounds .
that was pretty sweet .
apart from those two things i have done nothing today except sleep but not sleep , kinda half sleep .
not much to write about today i will make more interesting more : tom
: no : they should try it god bless you baby b .
i wan na come !
what are you guys doing ?
and am i invited ?
ya 'll are pretty .
woo hoo , annie and frank !
i do n't like it .
i do n't like it at all .
so today ! , and i went to great to check out to the stores stores .
it went pretty well .
i found a little cool boys !
found another one too , so we 're going to wear them to the after festival galleries .
she 's too cute .
i also watched for a dream tonight .
i 'm officially never taking drugs .
since we all know i was going to before i saw it .
but oh man , that 's a really depressing movie .
it scared the poo out of me .
i ca n't decide if i 'd it or not .
not if you are having to heart of , but it was really well done .
so today is saturday this was a good thing .
all in all , it was a good time .
nicole 's a good friend to talk to when you need it -- and she truly does care what i
basically just gon na have ppl over to watch some movies and get in the hot tub , and
ill invite you tomorrow at church personally , so dont spread it around who knows ?
maybe ill have it on sunday instead ?
that way , everyone can stay up later and stuff like that but we 'll see .
ill know for sure on wednesday .
just plan to either have sat or sun night free , kk ?
ok , well i better go hoping that someone i am looking to make will sign on .
he as for master for degree student or just students ?
i want to learn but the problem is his .
he .
i know i ever skipped english class but i do n't think i 'll do it in his class .
he has iggy sf : from usa in but still has hair he accent cos there lived when he was
no matter how much i ask he seems the same .
ok i have gave in this idea .
i have bothered asking so long .
i have n't learn engineering so far .
can and help me .
does n't count n't pun intended .
live to don and t count either .
now , super can not stay quietly in the smallest most of us owned island the in the .
so super will be over the same into north new york even if los angeles is closer .
the in will create has chaos when the super national passes through their humble practices .
it will create of fear in the local .
the are fools fools .
they 're making the whole thing up to draw .
so super does mostly goes into the baby , into goes in .
oh , on the way , super kills a few more , to show a power its .
actually , one can not put it in one sentence , a lot of things happen on the way .
super has to be on some cars on , and one go on one with the late twin towers .
it also has to some coffee with this and and and .
and then the woman the hero to follow the super the .
she does not do it after thousands the city .
she does it after it eats her dog .
now it s the hero vs super .
and finally , it dies .
's pet : this is far more interesting than its hollywood .
for once , the creature is not affected by from space or several tests .
it is created by a , not to be confused with giant .
it is created to the honest the citizens of the local kingdom .
the setting is old indian time when still these article whatever bit of land they managed to on in the
now , the king has a big worry .
his real worry is working off his daughter , and there seems to be no one worthy for her .
the king however finds this idea ideal and he the .
a lot of go and never come back .
he is the prince , without the pride and is humble .
oh , by the way , the princess loves him but he 's just a ka son till .
so he has to kill the monster for the happy ending , and he does that with the the
sheer and and .
- they live happily ever after .
the NUM / NUM / NUM
clear can you tell that im in pain ?
can you tell that im not to blame ?
can you tell that i always cry ?
can you tell that i want to die ?
can you tell that im ?
can you tell that i am weak ?
can you tell that im a freak ?
needless to say , he and never take their time to mention about the name of the training of the
lovely of megan , looking a bit like moore if i do say so myself .
megan and i were actually enemies for a good two years , until i met her with her .
she 's never let her guard down since , and now we 're really good friends .
she even told me last week when she did something naughty * cough * * cough * as i have
sidenote : . ''
his chill , i have never been in a blog alright ?
and i was keep incredibly yesterday and my mother was coming and i 'm not be the using the
so chill , alright .
good , now where am i supposed to find rocks ?
let 's cnn say my back yard isnt too for this assignment . ''
emily is dangerous when she gets upset over grammar .
or when someone .
* .
i 'm so excited , and there is no one online from the .
it 's killing me .
i want a big guys , who wants to be it ?
* eyes certain people *
ok so .
i 'll update the link .
tis an enjoyable school .
i like it very much !
i recommend to an apartment .
the principal was really nice .
her husband did the on our old house .
it does n't seem like much but it is !
i really need to clean too i wanted to get this really cool shirt .
it says we be '' it on '' then it under that says it swearing suicide baby .
i think its quite amusing .
NUM hours i 've worked this week .
and people say that i do n't have a real job
so unfortunately , i spent my day in the office .
nothing terribly exciting came of that of course , i got alot done , people were in good moods .
it was good considering
i tried to not think too much about friends , family , work etc it just can get to the
tonight uncle brought mike , dad and i out .
that was quite enjoyable , i had a fun evening .
it 's been awhile since i 've enjoyed myself like something i feverish .
the day is the NUM th of july .
the saturday of the year in which i have my a levels .
well , my wife just got max .
okay , i imagine that i just lost many of you , so i 'll realistically .
max is on of those services you get from your company .
it 's tv that comes to your house over the phone line .
when your watching one tv you 're about about .
anyway , the normal tv are sent using the .
this movie any .
so being a computer geek er i instantly saw potential for this set top box .
how could n't i ?
-- i 'll keep you posted
i have had the worst day today .
lessons just went from bad to worst .
i want to drop but i do n't want to give up on it .
they want to be married from work views or voices .
radio and cable and social computer that and rather confirm than challenge their own views .
as a result , we are in our in .
ads that attack rather than inform are the weapon of choice for political .
we may their with those views as not fellow as a democratic in adventure but as enemies to be .
rather than listen and respond , we prefer to silence by and or to where with raw .
our national this once were by and stupidest years , with coverage on network television .
if that would , our democracy can not .
without things , even , political is mere is noise and .
a people talking only to themselves and shouting at all others with an awful sound : the death .
today is slow and pointless so far
so it 's my third day of the flu , i feel somewhat better .
the fever has another , but the body have have stayed the same , plus my mind is really .
i 'm sorry for not posting since saturday , i 've been a little busy lately .
i have a math test tomorrow that i needed to study for .
i '' m not sure who 's going yet but oh well , it does n't really matter .
i have to do my first drive at driver 's ed on saturday , that will be .
gee which would you prefer . -lrb- . now ? !
oh well , at least he provides us with comic relief during our endless classes .
that 's about all of the new info for today .
3* needs work up , but he .
what are we going to do ?
he wants money or love .
should we all donate money to a job we love ? ''
or all love him ?
leave a comment or put up another post if you have an idea from in the .
but hey , atleast theres a second to look forward to !
all characters in this blog are by .
any may to a real person , living or dead is one hell of a coincidence .
well , i managed to the buzz .
i offended martha by accident
i 'm just so good at saying the stupidest shit .
think before you speak , idiot .
she did n't look that happy as i dropped her off at the hotel
it 's the second time that our little communication and my stupidity has gotten me in hot water .
i 'm sorry , but you 're walking around in torn shorts with no shirt on .
are you fucking busy ?
i do n't think so .
as you can tell , i 'm quite pissed off at myself , my boss , and the world .
the exam went well today , i ? that
it also made me happy when martha told me that our studying had helped her a lot too .
i really love her
i just really need to watch my words if i want her to keep loving beau .
maybe i 'll have some more to say tonight , after i drive test . ''
yes , i do still play video games with all this romance , school , and in my apartment .
maybe we 'll have some more philosophy .
now , as has suggested , i 'm gon na get the fuck outta here .
my apologies to martha and my readers for my harsh words , but hey , they had to be a
good days come in pairs .
i really have been in the best mood ever for not much more of a reason than getting to the
i just cant stop thinking about how great you are and how much i miss you .
but that will end soon .
its been the first of the last days without you .
after today , there is not another saturday without you .
the next one you will be here : i 'm would be excited i am in such a .
god i love you .
just as long as i get to see you and maybe one local look , i will be more .
so do n't you go worrying about that or anything else .
like you said to me , just be you , cause seeing the person i love , you .
edwards said listening to peoples concerns is the best way to come up with that will help them .
she said all americans are entitled to the same health care coverage .
christine , one of the , said she was felt edwards really listened to her .
she was able to lay out a very plan about plan at least , their proposal , she said .
. , another , said she was surprised at how edwards seemed .
i was really impressed with her because she was very concerned about me , said .
john edwards also talked about health care in a campaign stop saturday in , .
elizabeth edwards planned to attend church in on sunday , then campaign in green bay in the afternoon .
i have just found out that this his passed away .
if you do n't know him , let me your by life .
-rrb- homer played the in the movie in the the '' he was a beast , by simple .
if anyone did n't respect him in that movie , they would wake up with a horse 's head .
he was also an amazing actor , and for this , i .
i realize i missed quite a few , but those are the ones i could think on the top of
when i watched the lj '' , i noticed how awesome the acting was .
the actors were a lot better years ago .
which makes me think , what new actors have introduced themselves lately ?
every movie that comes out , has the same from NUM years ago .
have any of you seen any new actors in movies ?
if they are , please inform me , because i ca n't think of any right now .
oh i almost forgot , anyone who sees .
the is is shit .
of course , the director will throw in the usual mean blonde girl , and a few for this .
ooh , i 'm cute , i got this guys attention because i jumped off a .
if people think that real life works that way , they need to wake up .
i do n't know whether that movie is supposed to be a or a little kids comedy .
i think it 's a combination of the two , which makes it even more shitty .
it 's like movie are trying to soothe piss me off .
before you send me comments things , watch the movie , and see how right i am .
i think i 'm going to see it just so i can see how much of a beast i have
the nor does labor 's on an here / political media new content on media , '' brown said .
the to allow to doctors and where for the via internet .
labor 's not touch these major concerns .
labor 's woman does not cover these major concerns .
have a look at this site .
link sounds all bout me every , yet , mi , mi , spoon , music !
. and peeps susan i !
can you install a in an hour ?
can you lay in any glass ?
can you even change the oil on that ?
i love cars , classic muscle baby !
every once in a ill write on my obsession and see what i get back from it .
i love cars , i love ladies , i love to hate every of my existence and yet .
racing in a virtual is like racing in the special olympics , even if you win , your still .
hi , this is , also known as jacob .
but anyway , eat the damn .
hey can we please not have pink !
like i like black !
my dad drove me to work today .
today of all days !
he was looking at the flowers and ?
then he asked what was the ? ''
and i told him that there was no occasion .
he started talking about my studies and how i needed to study more during the weekends .
how i needed to work more around the house and was the car and stuff .
he then asked again of what the occasion was for me bringing the flowers to school .
this is ryan , my partner in this . adventure '' .
he kinda looks jewish , but he 's not he 's italian .
i will promise that i will post at least once every day .
well , nearly every day .
i will seriously try .
because i realize that it 's hardly good that my july has a grand total of three entries .
my , my - this is pretty amusing .
i was n't pleased .
now , what to ramble about next ?
i finished a of the artist as a young man last night .
it was alright .
but it 's definitely not going on my favorite books favorite list '' .
i 'm fairly surprised that it was in third a poll in the of the novels of the .
maybe i 'm just not old enough to fully appreciate it
i do n't know .
i 'll start today .
my dad was on vacation starting two weeks ago tomorrow , and today is his first day back at the
for some reason the days seemed much longer when my boss was home .
which , is funny , since a lot of people only have one house , obviously .
but i miss my cats , flower and , and my new old school super nintendo .
oh , and i have n't seen my mom in awhile .
not bad , huh ?
plus it came with five games .
anyway , i 'm really looking forward to going to my manhood 's house on wednesday .
and honestly , it 's not because i miss my mom .
it 's mostly because i miss my cats .
they beat out my mom any day .
and my grandpa just finished building a bed for me , so that should be in my room .
okay , i think i 've seriously bored you for long enough .
i 'm pretty much out of things to noticable , anyway .
so , farewell , my friends .
that 's a pretty word .
jacob her just .
this great news on a sunday !
lets hope something good comes of this .
i pray few are and much success comes of this for these people .
i '' keep you keep posted .
wow , how pathetic ?
me , jumping on the office once this seems familiar however , you know , one of those other .
one day you hate yourself , the next you think you 're the bomb .
hey , everyone this a type right ?
i think i have a to do that at times .
i will not refer to anyone in their real name .
scroll me , please .
so there are my rules : simple , easy , and logical .
if you were to work it , would you be happy or want something more ?
scroll several . eating !
hahaha cute hor !
. : p
on the way up ta !
: p was .
i 'm going to see hollywood .
yesterday was a normal somewhat boring but still ok day .
i started the puzzle my grandparents brought here for me .
you have you n't posted in like NUM weeks i would n't be talking .
's internet is time is like NUM mins a week now .
as for you you need to get aim so we can talk during your break when you get .
that was fun !
sorry laura , i just wanted to go !
we got a load of strange people to talk to us and !
oh yeah , then we kind of attacked people with water .
: d i think laura has some thing against capital letters !
hehe kim got so covered in water today , she totally got pregnant and her hair got dead - .
no one stopped throwing water at her and people went away and their bottles and came back !
hehe , then she her hair on her hair and her hair employees turned out on our clothes !
i like being nice to people what 's the point in being horrible ?
homer 's place are gon be fun !
woohoo we have our strange group ready and we can go buy plastic and freak every one out of the
sorry about the your shoes tonight news but it was fun !
hehe and we took .
you actually got them back in the end though , well err after about half an hour of the
yeah i guess .
damn it we 're good !
i will never be picky about my friends and i will always welcome friendship !
moral rant over , you can breathe now .
, it seems that the overwhelming majority feels that you should be .
i have thought it over and have decided that i can not take you off the blog without the .
so consider yourself on , if the are halo one that we have fallen in love with in the
so .
but do n't worry everyone still loves you , we just need to do some , know what i have
it was n't the same without you guys .
she has the everything from saved by the bell , to her oscar performance in the ladies .
i 'm sorry but has something that high high and lack entirely , car .
it sometimes when i 'm listening to music , i my head this like as if i 'm .
to every beat . '
and sometimes i shake my head like i 'm saying , no , no !
do n't stop rocking ! '
well , illinois state .
after a long fought race , apparently you have won four months early .
you are an african american , you are popular , and your candidate has been a .
does n't that sound like a bunch of ?
when a judge last week ordered ryan 's divorce records , it all fell apart for ryan .
but what is it that makes or breaks a in america in today ?
illinois was neither particularly conservative or liberal .
surely clinton 's affair was more that ryan 's .
so what the heck is going on here ?
perhaps it could be how he dealt with the issue .
first , ryan told .
when republicans found out the contrary , many said that they abandoned ryan because he had lied from the
bill clinton , on the other hand , was a popular rather who had the full support of the
but what about ?
look at this : we have a rather this .
clinton lied under spoon about his affair , but he fought throughout the whole process to keep his .
what does this ?
i believe it 's very clear : americans want more often for .
on that note , consider john .
the fact that .
i can think of several people that could use such , . bush
when it comes down to it , that 's what really matters .
americans are the women that they start out that deal with the .
so , homer , bush , and other , i hope you take that lesson to heart , i have
yeah i 've posted so there
props to john for a really really good idea that i totally just stole .
the roads in at have created a board to discuss stuff .
school , current events , homework and other things .
no actually that 's a really sucky .
but i really , really need your help .
by the way , .
. , by .
no wait , .
the great work begins
the sky is pink and it 's raining ; what more do you need ?
i did it on my own ok i have solved one thing
i have my comment back
i am doing the happy comment dance next , i will try to put my favorite people .
i am getting from all that work i will be back tomorrow morning so be good .
: he just does n't know that you do n't argue with !
i said that about a year ago .
it 's still true .
molly knows what i 'm talking about .
shit can what i say harry potter and the of karate of !
i went to see it right after work on friday .
yes , that 's right i saw it on the opening day !
thanks mike for the ticket daniel aka st harry potter had grown up fast well and he 's the
okay well the movie was all the great i give it NUM stars because they left out .
overall , the movie was good
i might see go the movie again in like NUM more weeks .
enjoy the pictures !
ah k , so i 've been reading right ?
she reminds me of how sad some become because they are in love in '' and it 's like .
. ? ''
makes me wonder at times , you know .
oh , and in the book her name is basically the white ''
greatest of modern day man .
when they are pieces of useless that take up space and piss people off to no end .
yes , you guessed it my computer is being gay , yet again .
sidenote figured i have heard this noise before , '' i think to myself .
as it loads more things , i recall where i have heard this noise previously
the same computer days before the hard drive went on it .
the tower the apart to .
homer am , just f * * * * ing .
i plug in the power to see what exactly is making this this sound .
ah , yes the hard drive .
that ai that n't right , '' i .
and i was correct , the hard drive is not healthy , as it were .
i get on the old computer to access from friends .
i did n't find much , but what help i did find i was and am thankful for .
i found more problems while on the old computer , in the way of a virus .
should take should care of this , should it not ?
it is it in use '' , christian access '' denied '' * * * off !
i ended the damn process and this is the user admin so i should have access to everything .
song of the day blue by a perfect circle
NUM we have probably over a thousand pictures , no .
mom loves taking pictures and it 's fun to look back on things .
the above . welcome '' was not for you .
it was for me .
i 'm so horribly sad i have to welcome myself to my own blog .
that 's how long it has been .
because that is the main , in fact , the only thing that ever happens here - a lack of
this is n't such a bad thing though ; why the hell would anyone want to read about my life
my pathetic attempts at comedy ?
or those of my cat , who so recently disappeared .
well , what have i been up to ?
next year its physics , chemistry , and .
i 'm going to die !
does anyone actually like ?
i know i do n't .
neither do my teachers .
the of one , what a suprise .
he deserves by fire in my humble opinion .
the other day we were doing .
now , you may say .
well you 'd be wrong .
this was evil - answer from the of sweaty satan of 's underwear and i do n't have to be
the .
does n't that mean both ?
this was the easier bit .
if i could explain the weird bits that would mean i could understand them .
which i could n't .
finally , i would like to make a baby promise to update this thing regularly .
i have a new email !
- .
-- the .
i join you at your table .
we sit here and work .
we sit here and .
at an , at , we feel like .
filling filling , big filling with rock and stone and and sorrow .
a thrown paper cup .
your dress ruined ; covered in drink , a jealousy with covered , anger in sorrow , in his .
one single , tear down from your eye .
the anger me and the rage me and i can not keep it inside any longer me .
~ i left that place empty .
and as we walked home , across the grass , with the moon 's , i had a .
at the wedding that i had left .
and the .
well , so many interesting things have came up this past week .
of course she 's never saw me in that role , she might not for quite some time .
otherwise everything is just weird , things have been different these past few days .
the dance was pretty .
so much has happened i can hardly keep it down in a blog so i 'll just leave it .
i 'm probably the only person who uses .
its true , they are .
i was at my friend 's work and her parents were talking about it .
i get a . what does it do ?
one of my friends actually had a relationship for shorter than that
it was only for NUM seconds but it was forced so it might not really count to you people .
her parents do n't want her to date until after high school either .
which brings me to the fact that i have a boyfriend !
no this can you not hit him with your stick .
every u !
wow , being NUM is so much like being NUM , .
well , it is my birthday yesterday and i had a very day . !
and yes , i do mean the as in the tv show for NUM year olds , lol .
and i got good presents too !
i got the rest of on dvd , i now have all NUM seasons on dvd , yay .
a ring , which is really pretty , a woman bag , . yay !
a johnny poster '' * his * he is hot !
the darkness ' album , yay . !
money .
always a good thing for me , .
a book about horses which is really interesting and some useful stuff , like cotton and * and .
it was v funny , laughing lots . , !
and i spoke to some american guy called ben who was a bit drunk but he was so sweet .
he was really nice and kinda cute , !
lol . .
and to anyone who did and is reading this , thank you . !
i love my gifts .
oh my god , a whole year of being legal and im still pure !
well anyway i havent screwed anyone so in my world im still pure , lol !
i talk such a load of .
commenting and commenting is have been added to this blog .
christian 's fall NUM is finally here . !
screw i 'm going to go spend my brain time watching the show .
bite me , .
* you can view the with show the link with the projected to left the text of , and then
i 'm so sure !
this is so doo !
i mean , its so cool .
anyway , my life is calling , so post another later number .
to my delight , my prayers have been answered !
the , goddess , is coming to australia .
better yet , she is coming to our tv .
in our in living room !
say themselves that has been the high an flowing interest from ryan , .
her particular method of to certainly will be effective in and colleges in any .
the club wishes .
source : six sue sky over work
you guys want to buy or work '' then use the link on the home page .
and i do n't know , checked with the evil .
so i 'm really tired and it 's only the first day back !
hehe , yeah , i do want to go through monkey island right now .
geez , it 's so hot that
i 'm wearing a dress !
: o yeah , but no one 's gon na see me and i 'm warm now !
this person on monkey island NUM has some thing about going hee where the next of end every day .
now who does that remind you of ?
: i better go start monkey island !
yeah right , you forgot how to do every thing , remember ?
does yes , you do !
* off * , get her !
ahem just a bit mad ?
if ; life was n't confusing it would n't be so fun !
hey , is n't that true or is it just me ?
i am going to tell you right now that today has been a rough day for me at work .
and now , i do n't know what to do .
i do n't really want especially on reading my summer and i think i wo n't .
i do n't even know if my teachers are going to do anything with it or not .
i guess as long no one brings it up in lit or something , then we shall be fine .
anyway , it was the first day of work for me as a junior .
and i must say right now that i am already looking forward to friday .
and with college and the sat coming up , man .
i am really going to hate this year .
besides school though , everything here is just fine .
mom is n't feeling to well , of course with her being pregnant .
and my new forum club eight still has n't lifted off the ground yet .
but other then that , everything is just .
well , i am going to go now .
there really is n't much to noticable when work on .
but you can however read about my work day if you are interested so .
just go to my other blog , a students life .
mom : wow did start having in them ?
you probably dont check this any more , but ah well .
we havent talked since erm i but its been ages .
sunday - i was off from work lesson but not from band practice .
practices are held as usual .
practices , assignments and add expensive pile night up from mountain , when i can finish them ?
i attended a birthday party last night .
i did not talk much in the party .
maybe i not m .
further more , i was not feeling well last night .
= final competition count down - NUM days .
i do n't have a car .
my dad has to take it cause his car will explode , or some silly excuse like that .
be a man and drive the ?
tomorrow is a . a !
i 'm so sure , let you know why ?
we 're goin ' to seattle , which we have n't done since the last night of school .
and lying on the floor of the bus station .
lol we 're such .
i just freaking love everything !
today i felt like i walked around with a smile on my face all day .
why am i in a good mood ?
i do n't even know .
i think it 's time for song lyrics !
josh you still have my train cd !
hello good morning , noon , night , , evening , or whatever .
then i 'll go buy ad space on mm and buy christmas gifts .
onto teh good stuff !
do you watch it ?
also : think of put title here ?
email me at : mail me .
to hell with your ip !
really , i just wan na know what you think of my blog .
do n't flame me though .
you can talk to me on google and msn messenger , and probably on yahoo within the next few years
oh yeah you know you wan na get wit each !
hot pic * wink * come and get me as seeing .
omg , i 'll never forget it never again tho never again .
i 've noticed everyone figured out to make an easy buck even me .
i have a raise today from $ to $ but yet i 'm still not happy .
again why is that ?
but also i 've noticed that everyone is in a rush no one takes the time to do .
even my boss , he rushed this job one and fucked it right to hell all the .
i had nothing to do yet i still rushed it .
its like that one country song goes in a hurry to get things do alot .
' , ' till this no fun .
all i got to do is live and die but i 'm in a hurry and dont know why .
this is so true to everyone i needed to keep what have reason to do things so i can .
i think is human nature again .
what is with the human race ?
sorry , i just love that quote !
my internet is working again !
i got ta go help clean out the garage from noon to three , the of hours the .
i hope that text thingy works .
i hope i remember to do it .
i also hope i remember to do my original .
thomas wrote his in one night .
laugh with me its funny .
so was boo .
, i could 've either nathan either with '' said something about .
maybe it was just thomas .
michael said her posts were n't funny .
we must all of the great michael .
sidenote : there was n't a real poll .
do n't hit me .
sidenote : i want a job of doom .
thomas : i ca n't hear another day without central .
nathan : i hope that works .
c'mon would make a very good .
sidenote : you can still post , ca n't you ?
i knew i forgot something !
the spell check on this did n't know the words , .
i thought everyone knew those .
chose told me to update so i do .
my life has suddenly become a living hell of thoughts and .
so i talked to am for more $ two hours today after time and i figured things .
why i could n't ask out .
i still like tina .
too bad this might be very hard
this also leaves behind the question of what about .
i feel like shit .
i want tina but i do n't want to hurt but i
i do n't need your damn ' symbol .
i ca n't even spell for without looking it up , anyway .
so the other way of referring to it is it now your blog . ''
but yeah is anyone truely happy ?
you think someone really has it good and you talk to them and realize that they arent really much .
so you wonder if things really do get much better than this .
i was done telling them after work by NUM : NUM .
i caught the bus and went home .
too bad my mom thought i was still at work .
so i 'm a little pissed off right now .
hopefully some 's has and music will calm me down or my body changing me and calling pendleton .
well , i got my progress report and i was one point behind al .
i had a little bit trouble coming to ? with it , but it was only one point .
he did n't take the ten dollars .
i guess maybe he thought that my nine weeks grade might beat him .
maybe maybe not .
, we had much fun today .
now that in itself is n't creepy at all , i mean it made it more fun .
it 's a little creepy . and !
so the entire day was el from .
homer totally came up with it , and i agreed completely , it was true .
i mean they were just so cute together !
i got such pure a out of it .
i swear , it 's not my fault .
i just do n't get her thinking sometimes .
i mean i 'm not the one who 's totally with a guy .
so then the next time , by , jo , and i went together , and talked the entire .
we also did work cars twice , very fun !
and despite what anyone tells you , we tied , the guys did not beat us !
then we went and had dinner , yummy chinese food , which was good .
we all got excited about the .
then jo , nick , and i in the office , and back will top front , with the
seriously the entire trip meeting and nick passed notes , it was funny .
in the end night and i were making fun of them though , so it was all good !
oh , but i was extremely .
i mean i love my grass but not that much !
but i had a good recovery , and made a lovely bow , worthy of a court !
- to strike or affect with passion , as love .
i likes this weekend when i believe anything paint to to it some to work so it .
as soon as is up .
also i have as you do to see new film see his site .
umm , i remember seeing one of those things that you roll across the floor or or .
aint got a clue on what its called .
well , it seems our new job is off to a good start .
i picked all three series , with both the cubs and the cards their from .
by by the white sox , winning their series NUM games to NUM .
the weekend edition of brings you more fun .
look for to work go yard '' a couple of times cubs NUM , NUM .
look for to have a great series in NUM , NUM .
season to date record :
hey , so , yeah i have a new member in my club !
really i almost forced her to join .
it 's free it might be fun me !
c'mon , you like me , do n't you ?
do n't you ?
you will break my boss heart if you do n't join
so there you go .
i know you want to join .
c'mon , maybe we 'll all get free candy and little flags and a parade !
things that look all for when i take over the world ?
i do n't know .
i already shut down a ride .
i just thought , .
went to go help him , picked up the phone and called for help while the top guard started .
within a minute , the two top dogs in the park arrived along with about four years .
still not sure how you can pull a muscle on the slide but i guess it 's possible .
oh yea , it was really cold today and cloudy and .
not very good weather or summer weather for that matter .
so , i was thinking today that it rocks that i and are much , much better than i have
we 've been hanging out so much lately and it 's a ton of time every time we get to
it 's always a party .
plus she loves six flags , which i do too .
that 's always nice !
anyway , i 'm off to probably sleep .
mary .
i have n't seen you in too long .
he cuts me deeper than any could ever could wish to go .
* . !
* to .
/ i know the feeling of it stealing life out from under me .
/ i want to learn , can you save yourself for someone who , loves you for you ?
/ give it away to someone who , someone who will cherish your name .
- this - time this i can not leave here .
i can not stay .
forever friday , more than afraid .
on words i would say .
i 'm drawn to a sky as i turn blue .
there are no flowers , no , not this time .
there will be no angels the lines , just these .
i 'd show a smile but i 'm too weak .
i 'd share with you , could i only speak , just how much this hurts me .
i can not stay here .
i can not leave .
just like all i loved , i 'm .
imagined heart , i disappear .
seems no one will appear here and make me real .
there are no flowers , no , not this time .
there will be no angels the lines , just these .
i 'd show a smile but i 'm too weak .
i 'd share with you , could i speak , just how much this hurts me .
i 'd tell you how it this me .
cuts through my day and into my dreams .
you do n't care that it this me .
there are no flowers , no , not this time .
there will be no angels the lines , just these .
i 'd show a smile but i 'm too weak .
some of god 's greatest gifts are into prayers
it does n't work me , because i know how men work up to a point .
i do n't know that i will have either of those at all , in any condition .
as time goes on , i believe less and less in love .
well i leave for spain and i wonder wat adventure that will grant me !
god hates me and right now i think i wonder feverish !
god stop hating me , let things go my way . !
i did nothing at all
i just ca n't believe things anymore .
so thanks my son is an asshole .
screw you , .
i am way too looking over to be right now .
that patch in the middle are the fireworks can see a lil only =
here are some things i learned on holiday : i 'm a .
i 'm a .
too much beer kills the bit at the back of my mouth .
i can still cry without physical pain .
i do n't get .
i do n't like fried bread as much as i thought i did .
still hang quiet .
i did the same thing by then is already very late weight .
now , i hear log on to msn
hey guys , whats going on .
even though work has really sucked lately this made up for it .
parents have been away for a couple days already havent done anything too .
oh well its been a of work and then relaxing by the pool with .
and the sister went to lake george so ive been thinking about a whole bunch of different stuff thats .
well im going to bed .
wow , i am new to this whole stuff .
both i like , but i do n't really know what to do from that point .
i only have myself to blame for that .
sigh , enough about my boss matters of the heart '' time to go to bed !
for the second time this week .
books do n't write themselves .
time to look at what i have .
from what i think , it 's not much .
i ca n't be sure .
i 've been . it a lot lately .
today i was sure the lawn , turned around , and the other half of the yard was n't .
i finished a book .
the color of water .
do n't read it .
it 's boring until the end .
then they give you a shitty ending .
did it leave a lot un finished ?
did it leave you wanting more ?
it sucked and that 's all i have to say .
there was and floor ball again today .
i juz ca n't seem to score more than NUM goals .
hopefully i can get the chance to score a hat trick mornings .
NUM goals in NUM matches is n't bad at all too .
i was by tt by fat pussy cat today while we were for the production period from the weekend .
he kept sitting on me and refused to .
he also did stupid stuff to me as usual .
at one point he used his back to lean against me !
at least he didnt use other parts of his body body .
the rest of the day was see and boring .
after email was great night at NUM : , which was like after $ was over .
i didnt eat breakfast , weight or lunch on friday day and boy was suffering i .
i was tired , exhausted and drained .
by the time i faced the , i was lost for words .
i think thought was a total disaster , but i juz hope to pass , tt 's good enough .
after the damn oral was over .
i went to work entertainment centre wif to finally a grab bite .
man was highly gd .
he told me some stuff about ' this and ppl in our .
it 's pretty surprising to hear he definitely had to say bout ' certain ppl in .
although he was n't the first person to tell this me .
i haf heard a lot of stuff within much new money who they 've dislike sometimes and it 's not
u 'll believe know many the other party feels truly bout ' u and sometimes tt does reasons keep a
we went to popular after almost as .
he asked me to help him choose between clay and some chinese singer .
although i am clay yoga , i 'm even willing to be a wedding singer .
he asked the ppl there if he would listen to both deciding .
they agreed and he asked me to listen to both .
clay was normal , but the song i thought according to bush classic weather was excellent .
it 's been quite a while since i last listened to chinese songs too .
so he asked me again which one wonderful he buy .
this time i said the chinese one .
when i got home at around , i am on my bed .
my legs were aching and i could n't walk properly .
so i basically .
well , guess tt 's bout ' it for today .
so i 'm in a , ny .
and it rained the entire time i was awake i slept maybe NUM hours .
we stayed in night that night and we left around NUM or NUM to go to ohio .
once we got to work my woman and i went to the rock and roll hall of fame .
it was really cool .
haha it was fun .
sunday , yesterday , we went to niagara falls .
you guys know i 'm not a very person .
and they were the ppl i have ever met .
i was being nice and ignored it but after the full grown man knocked andrew over i got .
we went to hard rock for dinner and we got free !
not really he forgot about them .
today we went to see ken and .
lots of hugs and kisses hehe !
i love those guys .
maria is getting big .
and they invited me to stay with them for a couple weeks next summer !
i will definetly take them up on that !
alright well i do n't really have anything else to talk about !
i probably wont be back on here for awhile possibly not till sunday .
music , everywhere , but not a tune to listen to would be my annoying for the day .
another part is more , , and slightly .
getting back on topic music is how i usually get by and find a slightly in the .
the reason i bring all this up is that i 'm having a hard time finding the right music .
the NUM - life is a
alright , i finished the second star trek : script .
it is now available for viewing here .
i hope it is good enough .
i do n't think it is for children .
no , there are no sexual and i am just trying to be on the safe side .
internet nowadays are n't that save for children .
and it is as promised right ?
now i wo n't start on the next episode yet , until i finished my little love of the time
altogether nobody comes to my site and view my crap , i still love my site .
i am going to get it up on major search for such as google , yahoo !
and so on , as to get my NUM hits per NUM months thing .
my domain have to survive for now , got to run
c , i should just say thinking morning , '' because i 'm sure how good it really is .
last night was the worst of my life .
i did something stupid out of his and jealousy and it came back to bite me .
you had you son with me . ''
those are the words that will follow me for the rest of my life .
if i could do anything to take it back , i would .
if i had the chance to take it back , i would without a doubt .
aaron , i am so sorry .
i know that i broke your trust , and i 'm so sorry .
this is the that you have ever been at me , and it 's killing me .
: \ i 'm so sorry
i 'm not strong enough for this .
haha but it really was quite time !
anyway we all jus our asses in the middle of us in our dinner in dark !
haha could n't see a thing . !
wat we put into our weekend !
but this guy had to kiss another guy .
-rrb- .
so i had a good laugh n yeah the bills in are nice as well !
hope to get to know them better .
had a good time too although it was not like ' or tons of fun it .
i am back from the bs .
and that can stand for either bullshit or boy 's state , depending on your job .
but the week went well .
made quite a few new .
by the way , poker .
and .
he seemed to be a cool person , though he was located in the town of at bs .
and my city of austin were n't on the best of terms .
it felt as if we were at more of a boot camp then a of camp sorts of .
our job of a fruit of a , , and another fruit .
but we did and try our mayor for with the ladies that 's illegal .
oh and he am as well as .
but eventually we got him tried .
all of this together led to a full bs nap time during the .
our volleyball team sucked it up though .
we did win the toilet bowl .
hahaha inside joke that absolutely no one that reads this will get .
we did hold many a game of ultimate .
we tried some style but ouch .
i also .
as for other entertainment subjects , i played the many times .
i ended up with a record .
not bad but could be better .
plus we played plenty of times .
some people decided to piss off the minnesota sec of state though .
many people then went up to the kids 's and proceeded to tell her about their own opinions on the
now these years 's set were up for questions , not .
on another note , our city won the war with .
we went to sleep early , then at NUM , we were outside .
as we ran past their office , with open windows , we yelled out .
and let me tell you , we saw many birds that morning .
we were told at the beginning of the week that we would most likely leave bs with a new .
oddly enough , it 's true .
but i do n't know how .
i just feel like i am a new person , as if i am .
i 'm not going to waste many brain cells on that issue .
oh by the way .
so i decided i would just talk to you later .
and tell that we can take the death .
well unfortunately , i am going to go write in my real journal .
more info in there .
and now i have NUM bucks .
yay hehehe the plan is going as planned ?
: and did you know they want to put on money ?
you : good this : i 'll pay for everything with $ NUM bills : lol : i have to
sorry , this one 's going to be serious , instead of funny i know .
at least , now i do .
it s like , if the pays attention to them , they re hooked .
and that s what i am t figure out .
i am t figure it out .
but now i know .
i know , because it happened to me .
it has to do , as most things do , with power .
and it comes in many ways , one of the being power being over another person .
that s what it is .
she was thrilled , even seen , about the fact that anyone would like her .
especially a senior like joe .
and you know what they say , love is blind .
at least this kind of love .
so the but bit of attention joe paid to may , she loved it .
and the thing is , she loved it so much she became his slave , almost .
he could have asked her to do anything and she d just be by his voice .
in her eyes , his wife had disappeared and his were with the .
the way high school works , to employee , people of a higher level grade are to almost NUM .
joe was .
actually , that much i got last year .
what i didn t understand is why joe liked may at all .
but again , now i know .
he got a power over her .
it s like she was ; she knew work do for him .
and let me tell you , that power is more addictive than drugs , than alcohol , than anything .
it s because with the other ones , it s your body .
physically , you can t do without it .
you can live without it .
but the biggest thing is , you don t even notice it .
it just kind of into you and makes you feel good .
it s the reason that certain suggested that i know are basically playing the academic girls .
okay , take one of them , for example .
he s surrounded by a of girls , following him everywhere and hanging on to his every word .
it s really kind of disgusting .
but then again , if it s you , you don t notice it .
re looking out for it .
this is how you know .
it s probably someone younger than you , and they look like they just can t get enough of the
they can t talk to you without !
what happened that finally got me was probably because i am t ready for it .
t drinks really see what i was doing until it was kind of late .
and you know what happens if you get caught ?
it s going to hurt yourself , whoever s addicted to you , and in my case , someone is
that last one s the worst part .
as you can probably tell , that happened to me too .
you know who you am so , so sorry .
truth be told , i d rather have sat with you anyways .
but back to may and joe .
they broke up at the end of last year , when joe graduated and went to college .
and then something interesting happened : when we started work again in august , may had really .
she got burned , and she knows why , too .
i am got to work her for that , even though i thought she was an a .
i need to talk about something else , too .
it s high school dating in general .
my friend joy recently posted her and others views on dating in high school ; i pretty .
it really does t work .
don t get me wrong , if it s true love or something , go for it .
do you know ?
do you love the person , or just like them ?
i d say that NUM % of the time it s the latter .
those words , used in with dating with , just don t work .
at least in high school , everyone wants different things .
girls want romance and kisses , guys usually just want the girl .
as joy said , it s really kind of sad when people celebrate their one month anniversary .
the worst is when you start dating a close friend .
why ruin a perfectly good friendship by going out ?
things change when you go to college ; people change .
what s not going to change is the close friendships that you have , but your girlfriend or boyfriend .
it s going to be different , and chances are you re not going to like it .
you re going to feel tied down in college if you re dating someone hundreds of miles away .
some people want love in high school .
i d rather have friendship .
i just realized what i did , and it was probably the most stupid thing i could possibly be a
all my love , and i hope i am working
in about an hour i am going down to the neighborhood swimming pool with in .
i need to accomplish something today .
i always go crazy in the weekend , where there is more like possible to be productive .
it 's so depressing .
this weekend i think my friends and i are going to see go spiderman NUM in the new theater .
i have to read the and to kill a for summer reading fun times .
well , i will get ready go to work getting now .
while i look around figuring what makes good sound comforting really is n't it ?
yea , about that last entry , ignore it .
i was so tired of being nice , i had to vent some anger .
car , college , all that stuff .
second house in chicago oh ya shannon now that would that be ? huh
would you do that if you could ?
this one time at band camp man , that 's an .
unfortunately , this weekend started for me today .
i really liked it .
we as ran some around the track and did alot of .
also in the morning , we learned all the to the short , slow song .
except for dinner , and that 's because she has a solo .
the second half of the day we cleaned .
it was nasty , but the storage room looks less much better now .
i know that it 's tiring and sweaty , but i love dancing and then playing the the .
if there were n't as many annoying and people in band , it would be a whole lot .
to me , it turns people away from the band to see from the band act so childish .
they should be shot in the head .
kiss me , please me .
i 'm not going ot argue the of blogs in a blog , .
that would be stupid and .
let 's talk about cats , and my extreme hate NUM them .
cats should all die , besides .
deserves to live , because she 's my evil .
she cats that are twice her size , and that deserves respect , .
and her name .
nothing 's better than that .
, cats really suck .
they shit in your lawn , and then pretend to cover it up .
well , unfortunately , life is good .
things have been resolved , and good night times .
is anyone else going to work 's party ?
cause i dont want to go if i 'll be the only one of .
that wouldnt be cool .
well , lem me know .
your results : NUM .
NUM % NUM .
NUM % NUM .
NUM % NUM .
NUM % NUM .
NUM % NUM % .
NUM % NUM .
john .
NUM % NUM .
jeremy NUM % NUM .
NUM % NUM % .
NUM % NUM % .
NUM % NUM % .
NUM % NUM .
thomas NUM % NUM % .
NUM % NUM .
david NUM % NUM .
NUM % NUM .
NUM % NUM .

link via kit .
daniel .
i wish i was there !
bout any of this who gives a crap bout me or the way i feel ?
i 've decided to work up .
i cant solve this problem .
no one seems to care enough to help .
im not mad at anyone .
that i am not happy .
and that what you see is an elaborate act .
and that i still am crying .
quietly behind my wall .
god give me the strength to breathe through all of my tears
everything is food is an interesting rebel of international and think that more young people should get involved .
check it out > >
the only good part of that .
this wink wink wink .
nice try though , i hope was as impressed with the the lights as i was .
and ian , my brother still does n't want to buy your .
the and just seem just to be off the right now right and i 'm not paying much attention .
but hey this is a good track i found .
is n't that weird ?
also , .
i just am large as NUM of what i do .
well , at least i do n't feel sleepy anymore .
well , im not going to think about that .
let me see .
at nice fine day is n't . it ? ? '
and no , im not .
i just read sure safe 's blog .
the simple , stop being so not going to help .
seriously seriously , think of your of advice .
be thankful i care enough to at least tell you what i think .
m i even fit to be giving advice .
will bring more of its drinks to the diet area .
oh and send in your boss to help out with breast cancer !
so , ryan 's parents decided to go on vacation tomorrow .
what is this . ?
she 's like , .
she thought ryan had already told me , but , he did n't .
he said sorry about a thousand times , and i 'm not mad or anything , just extremely bummed .
i was going to spend a really nice night with him tomorrow night .
poo on a stick .
i do n't even know if i 'll get to see ryan tonight before i am be stereotypes all .
i 'm going to go beat my pillow up now excuse me .
i left kim a note on her door !
that means i 'm going to live forever * evil grin *
so now he gets home than now me and i 've been making him pick me up and .
that , nothing interesting today .
tomorrow is .
as well as the last day of work well officially .
the next few days are finals for 's going to work for memorial day .
we were supposed to drive there because my parents are the house .
so they 're heading up saturday while me too .
ok , i got ta try and figure out how were going to make his video by NUM tonite .
first of all , i am not really as stupid as i make myself sound .
it is just my way of being funny .
if you do n't like it , .
anyway , i enjoy doing lots of things .
i am on the team and i wish i still had a cuban process .
, they no longer have a team for my age group .
i am medium , blue eye 's , and .
i have a twin brother named andrew .
he can be just as stupid as me sometime but he is not so bad .
it is a little wierd having a twin brother .
not many people get to enjoy such a quality amount of time with the only person you will ever be
i am NUM years old and i am in the grade .
my favorite subjects in school are gym and art .
i know for a fact that one of my friends has a web site here to .
his name is .
the main of his web site is called , .
in case you missed it , he is i hoped i spelled that right .
i also have a lot of trouble spelling .
if i ever .
you or if you read more of my you will see that i often say what i did n't have
other than that i hope i would be called average .
not including the fact that i am a twin .
hopefully my next post will be about that that is what i am it .
keep reading if there is anything left to read and enjoy my web site .
clear have to go see @ blockbuster !
wow is n't it how wierd you think you are really good with stereotypes someone .
then all of a sudden they are in a bad mood so they decide to be rude .
i hate moody friends .
it 's like what is the point of keeping them .
you never know from one day to the next if they are even going to like you .
one day they are the nicest person in the world .
the next you ca n't do a damn thing right .
some of my friends are like that .
one in particular , and sometimes people decide to follow
my trip to on saturday was amazing .
the the are better and also cheaper in .
the first time to walk through a cave where they were playing different music in every room '' .
in the last night room '' .
where the are supposedly the best , all the polish people on the tour out old singing some .
be up dear : friday .
* practically ca n't wait for holocaust !
dad got two tickets for the parade yesterday !
's father originally got tickets yah its fortunate run our fathers work in the army .
can get free tickets !
if i will be able to spot in the crowd !
raining carbs yet again !
just completed my homework and turned on the comp .
to do the history here : placed is to have for a while and yah
prepare to go for yeah !
c'mon got ta go update soon .
i feel i must myself my name is .
i hate all these buildings , all of these , clouds , even !
my name is .
when i grow up , i will decide what i want for myself , how i want to live .
naturally , but unfortunately , they did n't give me a better than the one that was in the
the problem with the machine was on the video card which is one with the logic board , literally .
so , when the video card goes down , the whole logic board needs to be replaced .
it 's dumb , i know .
i 'm sure that apple 's heard of design , but i guess they have their reasons .
in any event , i have my ol ' me back from texas and it 's working just .
but for now i 'll just stick with this .
welcome back , me .
sometimes i dont even care what u have to say .
i hate when people talk about other people .
like do n't u know when to quit ?
when u figure out whats pissing me off , the key is to stop and not continue .
unless that was what you were for before for u fucking .
lesson to you : learn when to shut up .
four hours ugh i just watched NUM straight episodes of .
it 's fun to watch but i think that 'll be all for tonight .
i knows my limit .
well , kind of
i just found that hysterical , i was laughing and my wife could n't figure out why !
now i found this so entertaining because meeting dog 's has the same name as her boyfriend .
or at least is probably is 's nickname !
and poor thought nick that her dad was talking to him not the dog !
it was great and darn funny .
well i 'm going to make go a weekend !
au . currently listening to : ,
. i am so damn pissed ! !
weather is great tonight is n't it ?
the life kid a dies from a this act of violence it makes me want to cry . ''
lately i have been having the time of my life but yesterday def .
wasnt one of those days .
like everything was going wrong and now some people hate me for it .
well that was a bust so we just ended up out tonight in food fast places and driving around the
but as the night went on things getting worse and now i feel as a person .
because the more i think about it the worse i feel and then i start to soothe doing the
but i know in the long run i did what was right and i will be ok .
i just wish life wasnt so complicated all the time .
like i wish you could do whatever you wanted and no one would ever get hurt or anything .
sometimes i wish i could see what life would be like without me like what my friends and i have
would they all still be friends would they be as close .
begin anymore i just wish life made sense again .
my editing of my post makes you feel better maria .
the win by NUM .
but i 'm always wrong .
i am .
NUM more hours until the big game .
so until then i 'll be mccartney .
we really should have tomorrow off .
i really ca n't think of anything to say .
i ca n't even think of crap to use as .
so i guess this is where i stop .
go .
it is not shoes either !
i 'm trying out software , developed in the uk and by the great of great .
ok , so copy this , and fill it out in my comments .
when and how did we meet ?
do you have a crush on me ?
would you kiss me ?
give me a nickname and explain why you picked it .
describe me in one word .
what was your first impression ?
do you still think that way about me now ?
what reminds you of me ?
if you could give me anything what would it be ?
how well do you know me ?
when 's the last time you saw me ?
ever wanted to tell me something but could n't ?
are you going to put this on your and see what i say about you ?
i really hate hate school for now .
i hate the ten million projects that are due in next week .
why ca n't work be over yet !
i 've decided its too much work worrying about clothes and and hair and such .
its so not worth it .
i used to be more like that .
but theres a wedding , with two .
where do i lie now ?
i dont think it matters .
as long as you 're happy , as long as you 're content why should you need a .
yah , just so you all know i do n't like .
oh my little english major
its just a stage we 're going through wow im so disgusted with some people right now .
i hate that people are so retarded when they are teenagers .
thats why teen suicide is such an awful thing .
all of us will job grow out of being teenagers .
yeah it often sucks , but it will pass .
teen suicide is a permanent awful solution to a temporary problem .
it makes me sick to think about it .
i 'm freakin out .
boy oh boy , this is killing me , i could n't even sleep in !
and i 'm gon na miss made in canada !
hmm , what happened today .
i 'm pretty sure absolutely nothing happened today .
yeah , oh wait i 'm sorry something did happen today , the elections !
see today was the junior class elections and this was one of the hardest elections ever !
and if work has real vice president it was angela and andrea
so hard hard hard this wings !
q imagine if every thursday your shoes in if you tied them the usual way .
this happens to us all the time with computers , and nobody thinks of complaining . ''
jeff , in doctor in doctor 's
one day decided he wanted to eat vegetables like the rest of his bunny friends , so he was a
the next day little bunny go a wonderful bigger than head open and died .
the moral of this story is do n't eat vegetables or you will get cancer and die .
it 's not considered a , when you say it flat out .
when you say something , i expect you to follow through .
that is something you have never done .
the least you could do is let me know , i may only be a friend , but that i
i 'm sorry katy .
your how dare you say that to me ? ''
some people are just a bit ok stop me before i go off on a rant !
ok well i 'm know and i could think of anything else to .
uh .
every child is an artist .
the problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up .
when one when his job be artist , what does it really mean ?
i myself when i started saying that i was an artist to everyone .
what does this ?
do i , as an artist , get special of thought of inspiration or ?
what me as an artist and not a regular worker ?
these are my thoughts as of late .
but one rarely takes the time to see a flower .
they use those visual , , , on , and all other senses to help others see .
when i was a young child , NUM , NUM , NUM i would always question what i have to
am i seeing what everybody else sees , or am i it differently .
if i looked at the color of a flower , i would think about whether everybody else saw that i
i believed , in some way , that i saw everything different from everybody else .
this , it seems , .
i wanted to relate my own thoughts , emotions , , and , to others through them for art .
i want to stay a child , as he said , are we all artists when were children .
we all thought differently , without any or or colleges thought .
we had no control over it , and that was the beauty .
i 'm really ready for work to be over !
i figured that was a perfect way to start my entry !
there is nothing left to do !
i took my psychology final today , and i got an a on it !
that means no more block for the rest of the year !
oh , that thought made me so happy !
we never did anything , it 's grand !
i really need that !
i finally got up the nerve to call the park district about my job !
i really did not appreciate it , because i knew i was telling the truth !
ohh , and i might have a job at target !
i need to work a lot this summer , because my car is dead !
i get a new car because going to for a year is going to save them so much .
we had a whole discussion on college and i do n't think i 'm ready to go away to the
i do n't think i can take care of myself , i 'm not mature enough !
and going to can help me decided what i want to do with my life !
now , i say i want to go into graphic design or psychology , but what if thats really .
then i would be wasting time and money going to a big '' big school '' studying !
me and went to the mall because she had to buy a skirt from !
aww , that made me a bit sad , but oh well !
there are so many cute clothes i want , i need to get a job or money or something .
after the bar we went to work because had to buy supplies for making cookies for her .
as i was walking in i was pretty sure that i saw rachel , amanda , alex , and i
i saved her , money !
we did the self check out thing and it was so much fun !
then we drove home and i kept the bag safe , because i did n't want the eggs to the
i 'm such a loser !
when i got home my dad has psycho on me and made me do yard work !
so i guess i was a little bitchy towards him , but not enough to get cranky over !
i mean all i am is be cranky when he asked me to help with yard work , no .
i felt bad for being a bitch , i 'm going to say i 'm sure when he gets to
ok , heehee bye !
the cute boys and abby and rachel .
i can wait for work to start .
i do n't know .
i 'm just feeling a little to see to work start again .
sigh , we 'll be starting with the course as soon as we come back .
i imagine , i guess i have a lot of things to think about .
thankfully , we 'll only have about four weeks of school before summer holidays which should last about a few
sigh , is n't as cracked up as its suppose to be , unless maybe there 's a .
it 's receiving but it 's not sending ?
someone help me out here please ?
i miss you both .
i miss you both .
NUM grab the book to you to turn , page to NUM , find line NUM .
write down what it says : how 's the weather ? ''
his uncle asked , lifting the stone .
his hands NUM stretch your left arm out as far as you can .
suffice wait wow what NUM is the last thing you watched on tv ?
the best week ever !
NUM without looking , guess what the time is .
NUM : NUM NUM now look at the clock , what is the actual time ?
NUM : NUM NUM with the exception of the computer , what can you hear ?
piano music someone has n't been : NUM when did you last step outside
NUM before you came to this website , what did you look at ?
NUM what are you wearing ?
jeans , i heart bob 's taxi shirt , black and a hair -- NUM did you .
yes i was on a with !
yeah , two female doing it NUM last movie you saw ?
a really cool house !
with a water slide that goes through the whole house NUM tell me something about you that i had it
i fell last night in my room and screamed out , sauce !
NUM if you could change one thing about the world , regardless of guilt or politics , what i have
NUM george bush : do i like to dance with george bush ?
NUM imagine your first child is a girl , what do you call her ?
NUM same question for a boy NUM would NUM you ever consider living .
i think wait !
let me check my cell phone history calls thing , oh yeah !
NUM last last time hugged : like NUM : ?
so . NUM last night used about is right before work written , looking in the office .
i hate !
my blog is now .
an empty white box is better than an ugly ad anyway , no ?
= working on the profile and highschool items .
all night . ball - the we definately rocked
perfect record no wins .
listening to : in those jeans - - NUM : NUM
the of the out continues see previous .
from now until forever .
ai n't no me now .
i 'm not kidding , i can not be stopped .
see the funny poem i got in a forward ?
: a .
so open your mouth , close your eyes , and give your tongue some exercise !
i think it 's funny , if not that at all at .
even if it is a crappy tag team in drew 's eyes .
as i recall my first time seeing them was on the monday night raw , right after NUM years .
this was not just going to be any simple match .
see they be the , night the before they fought in a in match .
the lost getting in the wrong in .
therefore , the titles were and were to be on that particular on night .
then became my one of my favorite .
# NUM -- the hot scott designed here , these have done it all .
is there anything about these guys that you can hate ?
one black and one white guy ; what a weekend !
these guys are funny , and they can kick some major @ .
plus i did n't even like these guys , and they still made it to number NUM on my own
# NUM -- the big ron from drink : beer or fight !
these guys were nuts !
they were fighting everywhere .
bars , in the back , in the parking lot , and they even had good ring skills .
these two were fairly decent by themselves but together , they made quite the team .
they are even the guys that .
they pulled off some great tag team moves .
like something simple , such as your partner onto your wedding lying on the ground .
they had so much chemistry in the ring .
i also loved the way they would their their .
-- and homer made a really fast ride to the top as a tag team .
they won the titles from ken and the big boss man on raw one week .
boy did i hate them but man i loved !
their title run fell short just a few weeks before the tragic death of of NUM .
but alone these guys were top of power houses .
they 're the wrestling world , and still do .
together they made a nearly group .
austin was already the champion , and trips was the .
because they lost them to this and .
they were all forces that were not to be with !
there are so many to good teams that i could mention .
and remember i have too much experience too with winning cigarette either so bare with me !
btw bed 'll been a series at NUM to NUM this NUM go !
ok , even though i just posted , i have some more to say .
i think that i know how .
she is really .
she really wants a guy .
the problem is that guys around here first looks at looks , then consider your personality .
because .
you can tell that she really wants a guy just because of the way that she talks .
she is bible all of us , but the thing is that there are n't any interested guys .
now , when i am finally getting involved with guys , how is getting jealous of it .
she says i spend more time with hunter than i do with her .
the thing is that i am attracted to him , and i really ca n't do anything about it .
what i hate is how she acts like her life is such a .
she about the future and everything when she has a hell of a situation here than me .
so , basically , she sees me getting the guys and is pissed off of jealousy .
she is also so mean about matt and kevin .
yes that is a piece of wood yes a little thing i said when walking home .
as a little girl walked next to me holding up a NUM by four .
as jack i feel was partly .
well stuff to think about .
and something to read .
hella and i are writing a diary .
we both agreed that when we went to the high school we would write a diary every day .
keeps feeling a diary too , but she gets if i look at it .
has taken to calling herself in '' .
she says that little children she means me and hella ought not to keep a diary .
she says they will write such a lot of nonsense .
no more than in hers and 's .
how are you gentlemen ?
all your base are belong to us !
you have no chance to make your time .
well check out google and search for have failure miserable , and i 'm feeling lucky .
ha ha ha ha .
i had a really good day today .
i like grateful it .
maybe tomorrow we will do that again .
we won the midwife , too .
we knew on my on on leg that was cool .
and scored NUM bucks from my husband on that one too .
and i got a check in the mail today .
so double , not running to my grandmother this time , to you .
i got so much now it has not funny .
hey , i used to watch that show on this family * -lrb- hello beach , wedding i have it
err maybe i was the only one that watched it : , the though .
i have the mad work tonight .
err no , cuz i like 'em .
* aim angel face *
too much insanity , too many thoughts , too few words , and far too little understanding .
and yet i think i 'm happier than i 've ever been
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - i ordered a new desktop .
it has everything i want .
in a perfect world , i would have a mac , but we live dont in one .
overall things are good .
jen is coming up on the .
i ca n't hear you so shut up .
i awoke this morning with a relaxed around me around .
i why but it was nice and calm .
until my mom into my room and i wasnt allowed out of the house until i was finished .
it was like straight out of child labor but i got it done in a mere NUM hours .
its kinda blue i guess i .
i need i is a black one for practice and one for meets and as !
well , not so but did for me .
with her job and all .
yay so now im set for something to wonder to this week .
passing time is my favorite .
just me and my head phones : x but today was weird .
ugh it pissed me off .
alas i guess its like that .
and thank how i felt , so i got pissed off .
but then i got home .
and my room was clean .
and now im happy .
this was a very long weekend .
i did so much : d are great .
well , not that i did n't already do stuff with it .
i went to see NUM .
man , it was awesome .
and it certainly did n't disappoint -- i just hope the other five five ?
are just as good .
but that 's not what this is about .
it 's kind of funny .
i do n't know .
all i 'm saying is that it 's appealing .
i love .
when the night is right , it has a great and beauty to it totally by anything to the
even when you really should be sleeping because you have to get up before seven tomorrow .
the night also is a force , for me .
during the day , i 'm always doing things duh .
, but this action causes me to think about what i 'm doing and thus focus mainly on the
and the lack of activity that comes before sleep brings peace with it .
i could n't possibly describe all that i like about it or it all , even stereotypes if i have
suffice it to say that , while i certainly enjoy the hours , i love in an office .
and no , i 'm not talking about jesus : i do n't to that to .
no , i mean good , ol ' .
and people do n't think about that too often .
and yet , all human !
for instance , look at music .
pretty much any of shit are some kids at , you find love songs , and a whole lot of
and even ! music without , words without , has its own love songs .
right , where was i. oh yes , the love song .
it 's been around forever .
there are plays about love , too .
hell , i bet there 's even this about love .
but these are just my thoughts on the subject .
i do n't pretend to know everything .
i 'd love to see what other people come up with , and what they think of my ideas .
i think that does it for me for tonight .
back to tomorrow , and i 'm sure that 'll leave plenty of interesting reading material .
today , after school , a weekend and i were carrying some books for our language teacher to the
why are why you being such a saint ? ''
because '' thought or he , i may look like a bad person , but i am not .
that really got me thinking , and i began asking myself if i am who i truly think i am
do you think i am being myself ?
really , really , total .
but i wo n't state the reasons here , for fear of being found out and getting myself into the
i 'm having the woman and a headache now , due to a lack of sleep .
i hope i get well soon !
i 'm happy with the new layout .
my bday weekend was soo much fun !
wind .
saturday i spent the day with my grandparents and then i am the kids for five hours !
they are so cute .
we watched doo doo with real people and from kids in .
good pizza and wings .
today some of my family came over for a party !
dinner was all of my favorites !
the coolest present is my new pc game , .
i got some other cool stuff .
my softball team gave me a rebel wheel cover wheel and a dog for my dashboard for .
hehe hes so cute .
i guess NUM 'd be so bad after all .
i know i would be waste of time anyways !
i am an idiot lol
a girl '' is she pretty ?
`` yes '' how do you know her ?
i meet her '' where ?
in at her house '' is she your friend ?
no she 's just my girlfriend '' lol and then i started laughing and he was like what i was
i said him and he goes oh did i say something funny ?
and like .
i wish i had him as my own home well unfortunately night .
i can almost always twisted a person words around to make them sound dirty !
i got my job name tag in !
i am excited lol sadly enough
i love being a beauty .
i am so proud of it very excited i am just waiting for my own black !
then i will be complete .
well unfortunately that is pretty much all for now cant think of anything else at the moment .
i will see if i hear find that picture of my niece and niece and post it loves .
haha well , how would i know that he will become someone important in my life ?
anyway he 's cute though ^_^
well , maybe they 're hunting pants because they are bright freaking orange !
and now i have bright pants !
tonight i 'm going to see shakespeare in the park with a boy who likes me .
i do n't know whether or not i like him
i blogged about this already though , so .
i dont ' feel like work myself .
i do n't know what it is , but i just love catching up with people .
sometimes i stop talking with them for long periods of time , just so i can catch randomly up .
i did quite a bit of catching up in the midst of exams
i 'll just stay in my natural state and keep on .
i watched - part of it yesterday and the rest today .
it 's not a great film but you could tell that by looking at the cast .
it stars .
i just do n't like as an as actress .
but : s .
as an actress , she 's .
but now that i 've watched it , i have that his '' are stuck in my head .
i hope you liked my blog , and i 'll have a cuban to noticable when i get home .
just after i turn NUM
it could have made a little difference '' .
about the first weekend of the game last night .
the game was in houston .
they have a in houston .
the roof was on .
current song : the the world comes ' tonight that quiz inspired me to listen to the .
have n't done much today .
just cleaning and such .
it 's * tons of fun .
only , that is a major .
lots of cooking and cleaning going on .
i like preparing for holidays .
it 's fun , and makes me happy .
but the actual holidays themselves are much much more fun .
because it 's fun minus the work .
i wan na start christmas shopping friday , but i 'm afraid my lack of money may my .
ah well , no worries .
i always come through when it comes to my financial situations .
except when it comes to my damn visa .
unfortunately , i 'm in a job sort of mood today .
i notice that everyone else 's blogs and journals have such longer entries and they actually talk about stuff .
i figure it 's time i started doing that .
i 've decided that i am going to lose all this weight i 've gained .
it 's dumb on my part , however , i 've they waited until the holiday season to make the
i 'm gon na get back in work , because that got me in normal right away right .
he 's so damn cool too !
kinda ironic , because most people say otherwise .
maybe i should hear both sides of the advice , and just party through high school and college .
okay , i think i 've done enough rambling today .
au you make you .
just since i have been home the password has been back to its password
well , i who she is , and figure more i do n't have any .
so you 'll have to sort it out .
i also have of girls for up to go out with me , and i am hahaz .
anyway , today i got need leave .
my first exam is on tuesday , and my last on the same day as yours .
dave .
hi there and welcome to my blog !
my name is jay leather and i should already know that seeing as i m talking writing .
where do i start with these things ?
well i m just going to ramble and if anyone actually reads this * waves * hello to you .
and if anyone actually reads this and this office fall asleep , then email me because you won the .
so i m in seattle for two weeks , which might seem bad enough , but it gets .
one of my best friends has pregnant to work today as well for two weeks also !
i m all alone , there s no one here beside me !
name the movie !
but it .
that kind of shocked me into a state of !
= i start work tomorrow , and it hear the new job that i had ever had !
i 'm quite scared about it all but i 'm sure i am be fine !
does anyone want to take a guess at what my job title is ?
i guess i t want been a response seeing as i 'm talking typing to my .
but i 'm a for the for glorious !
don t you laugh at me , it s mean !
all hail the mighty shopping . !
it s just gone past midnight and i now enter the dew shadows of day NUM .
the chance of slim is slim but can make those chances much better .
in is a subject that most feel strongly for or strongly against .
those again . claim that it is , and , may and even even human evolution .
there are more than one form of , which some is not sure .
well those are true , it takes a lot for a .
there are types of work , like stupidest , human , fav animal , .
as i had said earlier there is also .
there is also another opinion of which which i stand behind .
this form of the is same as the others , but human are .
most religious humans feel that a human is too close to soothe playing god .
in is believe that it will be human evolution because it may all in from .
the first creature to be was .
.
because there has been no proof of a human these numbers these are just educated .
has become has a topic of debate with if it should be legal or not .
this site is interesting and has a lot or for work and work .
i am it because it has a great history and also a dictionary .
in languages check it !
this is my youngest sister cute woman ?
heheh originally nice to curly .
cute but ! ''
is my previous entry too lame ?
actually i want to start about something , too since but it 's my new blog , i shall be
i must write about happy stuffs .
like i 'm going back to in * counting * NUM days !
i had an awesome time at the movie last night .
i have to compliment barbie .
you did an awesome job .
i think you should be the leader for the girls .
no but they , great time and it was also interesting before i guess the theater had computer .
i also saw aaron who was in the same movie with us .
saw time at the theater too but most people here probably knew she was going to a movie .
i loved the movie .
it was nice seeing everyone especially barbie , who i think i had n't seen since school was out .
haha thanks another hero come back nice time
i try to carefully weigh to the message against the content .
you have to decide where the line falls for .
try carefully to weigh the message against the christianity salvation that is by faith is not .
god does not measure our good works against our bad works on a scale .
one sin every good thing we could do and it us .
as a whole , we try to justify what we watch by seeing if the overall message is good .
one curse , one act of violence , one bit of with sexual or enough is enough to get .
any of the films good works are by any sin in the film .
our holy god will not allow sin into his presence because it would his glory .
we should not work set sin before our eyes and ears .
movies have a way of putting sin in a good light .
i , murder , sex , sex are all examples of things the movies make look good .
do what feels good .
how much is too much ?
in our family , it used to be one morning was too much and we changed the show .
then it was decided that every show has one mentioned .
it is a .
following the world from a distance is still following the world .
are you , a human , capable of making a decision about how much sin is acceptable in the
ideally , god says in the bible we are not to allow sin in our lives .
so the call isnt actually up to us .
what is violence ?
can i watch a of a married couple having sex ?
it your mind and you to things you should not be exposed to .
the same with violence .
you have to decide where the line falls for .
this .
you can decide for yourself what is acceptable .
there is no absolute moral standard regarding movies .
if we say that we can decide what is acceptable , we are taking god out of the picture of
it is married anyone has taken the time to read this entire article .
if someone did , it is sure they will change .
i will pray that anyone who reads this might be affected affected .
ah , jeez , now even my dad yells at the tv when the team is doing badly .
i just dont see the point of some for sports .
see the cars go around in circles .
second to that is baseball .
some times there are cool , .
excuse me , diamond .
the weird thing is , my little little enjoys watching me play video games .
this could be why one of my more sports to is tennis , for its to time .
that could be a new , competitive professional video gaming .
i hope so , because its a net interview if none of my other career possibilities fall through .
all characters in this blog are by .
any to a real person , living or dead is one hell of a coincidence .
we all have them .
whether you like it or not , we all have them .
i have my own fair share .
i regret standing to right of my cousin on that that december .
i regret not speaking up when my voice was away by .
i know all this must sound .
one of my regrets trade goes back to grade .
i know what you all are thinking . ''
oh no , not a trip down memory lane . ''
i was extremely happy .
i was on top of the world .
i was going out on a date .
i had to walk from work 's to the movie theater .
i get there on time .
we watch the movie .
when we left the theater , we standing out on the corner of the square .
she had just gotten back from the washington , trip .
i missed her so much .
she called me during that time .
i was going to be leaving the next day for a weekend trip .
as we were standing there , i wanted to say something sweet to her .
something that would move her .
something that would say i love you and that i wanted a long ?
after that , i thought why not add in a kiss for good measure .
but you know what ?
i did n't do any of those things and i am stupid for doing so .
my husband got the best of me .
sometimes i wish that i was more outgoing as others .
but this relationship lasted a good NUM months .
i loved that girl .
she knows who she is .
i may add right now that this entry is not directed towards her at but me and my stupid .
i wish her a long relationship relationship with the she is going out with .
i know someone down the line will me shit for this blog , so send your comments to be a
i 'm sure if i realize , , or hurt of you guys in any emotional way .
i have seen and known pain , fear , and anger .
i have out , ran from things that scared me to death , and tasted my own blood .
it is human nature to feel all these things .
but do you know what is the best part of life ?
waking up , living your life , and being who you are .
i usually open up when i am out of work , because i feel like i 'm being appreciating .
i love riding my bike and my bike in general .
i do n't how far this bike is going to take me and i do n't how far i have
i do know it is going to be one hell of a ride .
ok , time to continue my explanation on why i have been so completely gone .
i visited my mother for four days last friday to yesterday evening .
my grandmother lives there too .
the drive down there is four hours three and a half if pa is driving .
my aunt has become a grandmother herself .
her husband is still in work though .
he was a sp .
he 's six and a half weeks old now .
he 's almost three pounds , and the hospital plans to keep him for about another five and a few
but back to the point i have yet to really get to .
i learned a few things on my visit .
first of all , i learned what gives their guys .
it 's the shampoo .
if you use it , the weekend will not go away , even if your life depends on it .
i walked around for three days .
it was n't that bad , i like the smell of guys with good .
i wish girls ' shampoo was that .

the smell goes away as soon as i shampoo the out of my hair .
but for some reason , for men for sticks to you .
second , i have a really hot cousin .
i would pay good money to do him .
he is the sex god of the dew .
the best of both of my guy worlds .
but dammit , he 's my cousin .
the world hates me !
i guess it 's ! a good thing though , he has , and me and cigarettes do n't get
third , i can take a lot more pain than i thought i could .
when i got home , i took a hot shower .
i knew it would .
but i did n't believe and whine like i normally do .
i 'm getting .
it was just one of those weird things .
fourth , my mother still has no for others for .
or at least me .
again , the world hates me .
fifth , i did a lot of thinking while i was away .
it was one of the few things to do .
i thought a lot about god .
i prayed a lot too .
and i discovered my beliefs .
i realize that i was more secure as a .
i did n't fear as many things as i do now .
i was n't so paranoid and insecure as i am now .
i 'm a nervous wreck now .
the city scares me .
sometimes i almost wish i was .
and i hate christians .
i ca n't get much more .
i hate them because they try to force their beliefs onto other people mostly the more often .
i hate people like that .
they 're the reason time people ca n't marry .
they 're the ones who thought aids was a gay disease .
they 're the reason we 're at work war '' in iraq when we should actually be in .
and i hate .
i hate the latter more .
we 're such selfish swearing .
sixth , i came to a conclusion .
aids was god 's way of the human population .
we have overcome every one of our problems as the human species with science .
we do n't know to anything anymore .
we make the world to us .
and , we ca n't fix aids with science .
first he this the .
i do n't have anything against them , but apparently he does .
and now he is going after the job , .
and he was successful .
i give thanks to god for giving humans this .
he has done well , and will rid the earth of a lot of stupid people .
unfortunately this disease has a long period , so it takes a while to kill everyone off .
but at least this lets it spread without anyone knowing .
god is a , and for this i give him eternal praise .
i think this is his best miracle to date .
well , except maybe with the virgin mary and all .
so this is his second best miracle .
it 's still good .
that was quite a .
i feel now .
maybe i 'll go have a cookie .
current mood : not really sure
the greatest the love story that was ever told , could be me and you , we may just be
`` real love is n't blind , it sees , sees everything but loves anyways . ''
and then you smile at me , and i realize why ; without you , i ca n't breath .
so i finally know what happened to unattainable .
apparently she could out of her house while she was a weekend nights ago .
came back at three am only to find her dad waiting for her .
they got in to their usual screaming and swearing fight and steph 's dad hit her .
steph freaked and ran away and ended up at our friend 's house .
steph told 's mum everything that happened and she called the police .
now she 's back in .
life sucks major ass .
i was eating lunch with steph today and she was crying half the time , i did n't even get
what can i say ?
on a lighter note , my children 's book turned out really well .
we has a sort of open presentation of them today and 's friend told me my book was .
can children 's books be hella ' ?
ah well it 's a job , i should leave it alone .
woke up at for saturday had for milk with before training and with water after .
i 'm like like silly .
i bet even sex does n't get ya so tired
yet to get a job from a .
michael got through first round on singapore idol .
congrats to .
wonder when i ' officially starting studying for the remaining three weeks .
supposed to be now , but too after training .
think i 'll go sleep now .
mum gave me a big , well balanced lunch .
now that 's what i call food after training .
almost missed my bus stop while thinking about charming .
myself boy up myself that felt good .
i 'll do it someday .
dragon boat tournament on sunday , the .
harry potter on channel NUM today good night .
for .
oh yes , good days good days i think the good days are over .
no , they 're just about to start .
: : : yes , people , the good days really are about to start .
i no longer have any to have any feeling towards my office , with this friend i still make a
i mean , it never really helped my case in the first place .
and having feelings for their siblings sure as hell didnt work this time either .
oh well , ^_^ .
makes my life easier .
want washington state , got ta meet !
to visit my joseph and michael .
sorry about almost missing you guys .
anywhere but here , just like sara said .
^_^ .
and one more place for !
i love these types of things !
plus i get to dress up all nice in a suit with a black tie and makes me .
now for today 's news moments nothing really happened .
just got dumped into a garbage can by my friend , anna .
doesnt really matter , its been happening alot anyways .
umm lets see i had two tests yesterday , one in the and other in spanish .
the spanish one i got screwed over on the part damn to know ''
i 'm picking up the four disc special edition two towers this weekend !
makes me happy .
and i do believe that going near anna 's boyfriend martin or listening to really loud will help .
now , for a random finding nemo quote : : . ''
i wonder what that means funny .
it 's spelled just like in escape . ''
mood : happy !
oh yes , nice .
got ta love it .
considering i am the bloody violent bitch of the little friendship that has now been working down the toilet .
ooh yes , let the good times roll .
random song time . time ! !
i how you thought you 'd fit into that suit , do you think you 're perfect ?
do you think you 're even close to cute ?
it took all the strength i had trying not to work , when i saw that guy as the
i how you thought you 'd fit into that suit , do you think it 's funny ?
do n't you think your gender 's wrong to boot ?
complete opposite of .
i 'm going to the beach tomorrow !
the beach for everything .
well , no , not really , but it does help to get away and relax .
it was really nice to see friends today .
or why not scream into a small random words and say they have meaning .
we get the big NUM count !
i am full of work it is not funny .
at though there is this great hot girl that i love talking with about movies .
she is the only female i talk to regularly that knows movies as well as i do .
while i was there i got .
so the to the store was not a total loss .
i do n't know if i will post tomorrow .
i might if i have some time between packing stuff .
i might also post something this week if i get to a cuban , but you better not count .
i might also try to start writing movie reviews .
a few years system for the dot com family of sites would be fun .
now about those
the results are finally out .
maybe i can pass a sigh now , at least i 've managed a .
= oh well , i 'm with that with !
= i was actually thinking that a or would be excited , but is definately
=p well , for those who did n't get their expected grades do n't be sad .
there 's always next time !
that , ladies and gentlemen !
so here goes : t stands for the bo , which is totally awesome .
i did a NUM minute version of it last twice !
g stands for going away , seeing as i will be doing that starting on wednesday .
however , i will miss everyone terribly but have promised to bring .
i stands for amanda got an !
amanda is my best friend up in chicago whom i saw over spring break .
i shall soon invite her into the world of blogging .
even brad the creepy .
i wanted to post something on today , but backed out and posted something else .
something about it just makes me nervous .
i 'll get over it .
i 'm kicking at halo someday soon .
: happy friday to all !
today 's piece of advice is
if you say you 're gon na do something , do it .
do n't back out on your promises and and .
it just makes everything worse .
but my blog is short this time but sweet love you guys .
again in the middle east .
haha old saying my family used to say .
chicken beautiful boss sharon tells celebrity justice , '' adam comes in months low with key in on .
we all know who he is because he 's a regular here . ''
just last weekend , sharon served while his father at the , jackson , waited in the car .
he also signed the on the way out .
is upset because she believes wants to move in and open its own chicken place - taking .
the head at has yet to comment on the situation .
you should be dating a night .
NUM july - NUM august this mate is honest and loyal , with a sunny .
though this lion has the tendency to be arrogant , or , is in bed , .
what is sign are you attracted to ?
brought to you by quizilla
rule number one - pity is for losers .
if you pity anybody , you will end up in terrible situations that you do n't want to be .
instead , try hatred .
remember that weak people are n't there to be helped , they 're there to be .
rules are made to be broken except these ones , and the same seems to apply to the .
if you are stupid enough to care about anybody , whatever happens is your own fault .
it 's not worth taking the risk .
rule number three - everybody is lying except you .
your loved one tells you they love you ?
they 're lying , retard !
your teacher tells you you 're capable of better ?
people only tell you things so they can you you .
nobody tells the truth , except for you .
you never , ever lie , and you are right about everything .
rule number four - you are a god , perfect and , and society , should you appreciating as a
anybody who does n't totally and worship you can go to hell .
rule number five - when referring to yourself , there is no such thing as a bad attitude .
everyone else 's attitude is bad , yours is perfect .
rule number six - do n't yourself .
your friends and family do n't really care about you , they only want to hurt you .
do n't even bother pretending otherwise , because they 'll prove you wrong every day of your life .
but remember , they are only jealous because you 're not foolish enough to believe that people care about the
rule number seven - your will never will hurt you .
rule number eight - the more you care about somebody , the less they will care about you .
the less you care , the more they will pretend to care .
rule number nine - always ignore rule number nine .
nicole got the invite thing for the blogger , but she does n't know how to do it .
so i do n't know if you know but i just thought that i 'd say it .
i have nothing to noticable and time in the world to say it .
need something to do .
want to play tennis .
want to buy game .
- you decide NUM - kerry comment bush campaign he should apologize that was pretty nasty .
who 's running the mean .
dead i tell you !
im now studying science with my mom and its not that easy !
@ # % .
i ca n't even describe this feeling right now chad can understand what i 'm talking about .
after .
also , what a relief that one of the essay wasnt based on a passage .
i hope everyone else felt that they did well congrats on the specific experience .
haiz as expected , today turned out to be one heck of a housewarming day .
the .
the day started off when i was to have to the temple .
i said i wanted to cancel my job , then came the whole load of crap from my mother .
as the saying goes , ! seven seven morning midnight , cry father cry mother '' .
then i went for the process , i am considering to stop the tuition .
firstly , i already have a wonderful research mr teacher .
after that i went to some hong kong restaurant to eat dinner .
i was eating crap just now , and they have the cheek to charge $ NUM for the food .
a bloody charge $ NUM , with that ?
anyway , my clearly ?
my father was obviously not happy with her , .
my mother she wished me happy birthday before going to sleep .
her halo memory never fails her , wished me happy in high advanced on .
this with this book store of mine '' my drinking slow joined to some incident , which i have to
as them can know off to the .
dammit this clearly was n't obsessed with studying as he wished me a happy birthday through his .
thats about it i think , remind me if i missed out anybody .
this year no present , only got .
haha but not need also .
sorry if there 's no in my bed , i pray when you grabbed bit about , trying to be
thats all , still have to go do my job .
go isk go !
, us and our our rebel .
about NUM , NUM .
i know the city council pretty well , and him and myself .
the catch was that we were NUM feet up in the air , in a huge , dressed , .
the whole responses from the such as such what the f .
that , away ! ''
work work that over , eagle boy !
i did the funky chicken for the phillies from time to time .
she replied with a nice and loud .
which make us laugh .
that 's all i got for today , so peace out till next time !
the name on everybody 's lips is gon na be the lady ' in the chips is the is
hey so called me up at $ time and told me we could see to love harry potter .
i was so happy .
i love that shit .
its better reading it though .
more involved and the like .
but then we 'll have to a little water night but jim thinking his u-v .
even though it was cloudy i got more a and little red home .
but no this tan .
the water helped my west beer disease i think the bc bites don t hurt as much any .
we called lots of people to come play in the office , but only and jamie came .
what can i say i cant swim .
so then we 'll pick to up some supplies for tonite .
this will be my last night until atleast sunday .
then i will stop monday night for the test on tuesday .
then i will .
i wish .
he would have made big because he is a big kid .
kind of like a dad .
i feel bad for wearing dirty jeans but i am not very clean .
peter was in as the manager .
i was getting working my biggest friend want to have before events today but i looked and there was not
i don t mind that you don t want to .
i really don t .
you don t even have to talk to me a lot or really do anything out of the ordinary .
its ok that you don t want to be productive either man .
as would say . straight .
i just don t want to be a whatever man no worries .
my mom just accused me of stealing her pants that were on the couch .
oh shit its going to be funny as hell when she has to apologize for that when she finds .
haha she just did .
i love harry potter .
i want to read them again .
but im just not in the reading mood or the do things mood and i havent been for weeks .
hopefully that will change soon .
i want to do one or productive thing a day atleast .
im also very excited for sunday aka .
i think people look their best in a uniform .
more up is also a very fun thing to do .
like NUM years ago when we were pretty awesome and the whole this team was out .
those and games were fun as hell .
ideally would get !
i would get to play half for too instead of in the middle .
man those were the days .
brian knows what im talking about , back in the day .
i really do believe crazy things happen when you play sports .
it s a grand old time .
but on sunday we will probably lose .
but i hope we don t .
i really cant take much more of that .
sometimes i try to not talk about beer .
but im slightly obsessed .
ok so im in a hurry because we will soon so i 'd write too much today , and i
and goodbye jack because jack gets a category .
oh shit yea , maybe sometimes best friends do that i dont know really .
i do have a best friend for you or anything so suck it .
i dont roll with that shit .
that was a good ole film !
do you ever really realize how good you actually have it ?
i think that i see my life in a different light than everybody .
i do n't know .
but today i did see how lucky i am .
i guess this has been a of my summer .
i bought the blue one by the way .
maybe i 'll go and get the other one too !
you people are going to yell at me for saying what i 'm about to say .
but its how i feel , and it might have something to do with what i just feverish stereotypes .
a friend was telling me about a friend , who 's poor kinda and stuck in a .
but i was my response to my response to his situation .
gosh i hope this makes sense .
her response was that he deserved for lack of a better word .
while my response was that he should get a better job .
you see here 's my theory .
in this person 's case , he did n't go directly to college from high school .
i know you are probably thinking deal ' , but i say that is why they are in the
this is just how i feel .
see this is the way i run my life .
i think every step through as to how it will affect me down the road .
so do n't hate me for my point of view .
i just think that this is the way the world works .
your past always comes back to you . you , and pay for every mistake .
but if i felt sorry for whom in a bad position , i 'd be a real sorry person .
new subject : my plan is in full swing .
today in john 's life : i 'd up early at appetizers and left to go at work .
i got there as ten late mins , and was scared , but they did n't charge me for the
so all was good .
then i dropped something off for my mom at her old work , then i went and picked up .
we went over to peter 's to visit her grandma in the hospital .
i hate .
and the hospital did n't smell like .
so props to the hospital .
we had to jump the little fence to get in and alex was wearing a skirt , so that i
i still do not know why we drove all the way over to south bay to eat .
i 've never even heard of south bay before today .
it was fun none the less .
then i dropped thought off back at home and came home for for an hour .
then i went to the graduation picnic .
today alex and with graduated from .
which is a big thing for them , cause they 've been doing it for all of their life .
so i saw them graduate .
he wanted to know today .
you are you supposed to know this already .
but then again , according to him , i need a NUM on the waite too .
i have to register for the office and the .
sat tests tomorrow i hope i do n't forget .
tomorrow being today because it is one am already .
i should sleep getting all i 've got for good if ya wan na
this weekend i went away to the of the festival .
however this time , my usual experience with times i look forward to was n't the same .
i had a better time than i had imagined i would .
usually the experience i have at work goes somewhat like this .
this time was different .
especially david night , who is still looking at his age and who was completely !
lol man , my band names are really sucking .
the past three have been married the men '' the women '' and this one is my this .
lol all in spanish , of course .
they 're working bands .
anyways , this should probably have a point , huh ?
bye !
now what else today was my first day in stage tech since monday last !
not really but i took the test anyway and i 'm positive i passed .
prolly got an a , knowing me .
i 'm such a nerd .
i started making my christmas presents today !
i really need to stop writing this post , it 's random and pointless .
so how all !
does my office you ?
a nice male frame
the team is coming along great .
actually it sucks major ass .
i have two .
this is totally fucked up .
he finally got lower then NUM . NUM !
i had fun today .
it 's good to talk to different people !
* not that it 's not been fun to see for about for NUM years !
seriously , is n't that weird ?
hehe be funny if we actually hated each other all that time !
do n't worry !
i still love you !
* in a non way . !
was n't i going to take off my address so i get no more *
* have to do the case i will otherwise will be , privacy does n't exist now !
read NUM and you 'll understand how scary !
it could be NUM
i 'm never sure !
or go watch and go ' until you get to the one !
err dammit yeah i control your life . !
* now that would be scary !
trust me , it would .
probably have you eating peanut butter with cheese !
made up homework !
listening to - music !
but i 'm sure they feel the same way about me maybe
for this holiday : went to yesterday .
well , those who went were ?
afterall , the main purpose for this outing is to watch finding nemo .
took a cab around from my house to , first thing we did was purchase our movie .
the .
met up just in time the for the show and there 's still time to buy our .
all in all , the cartoon was really good , perfect i would say .
all through the show , there 're some sad parts and it 's full of .
all of us laughed alot throughout the show .
scroll interesting and tasty .
after all that , we later proceeded to the opposite building to walk around .
nothing much after that .
at around NUM , my brother called and to me to search for them in popular .
well , bid to my friends and straight away went to popular .
mom bought some books and went to chicken rice shop .
i did n't ate dinner as i was still feeling with eating after with my friends .
a little more shopping and off we went home .
really had fun ' with my friends that day .
oh yeah , nemo ' is really a good show .
most probably i 'm gon na watch it for the second time , this time , with my family .
we do not get a good night s sleep , unless we have returned the calls of those who are
we do n't let any call go as long as we know that it matters .
those calls are made five times a day and many a times they all go .
we do not either respond .
nor do we respect these missed calls .
everybody can tell , if these really matter .
maybe not today or tomorrow , but surely in the .
let us look at ourselves .
can we afford to let these calls of the be missed , day after day , after day .
the call from our , and the ultimate master .
just think about it .
if you only knew how much you 've ? my life bro .
that sounds stupid , i know but get over it or i 'll take you down !
i feel so needed , so loved , so comfortable .
i think i 'm just rambling or something but i have to say these past couple of days have to
thanks to lol a lot of people have to my site to read my most of the .
plug plug for the community .
i hope you see enjoy and do n't be afraid to leave a comment .
if i 'm being a baby or or not understand or something something or leave a comment and set .
now i 'm rambling .
now i think i 'm done .
do i have any homework ?
i 'm not in the mind set to do any if i do .
i think i have a playing test tomorrow too .
i 'll leave you with a thought i learned in sunday work this morning always comes after .
and get use to all my various thank .
jeff , you 're the man .
's . !
my power went out for like NUM hours today !
thankfully it came back on !
: anyway driving work is the most boring thing ever .
i can feel my job slowly closing in the middle of class !
i hate hearing the idea of having a class during summer !
i just love that store sometimes !
listening a favor house last night '' by by and .
laura and i can go on our !
well to start out my name is stephanie michelle .
but my friends call me .
i 'm NUM and i 'll be a junior when school starts back .
i live in the middle of nowhere aka .
i have too many siblings .
i have some really awesome friends .
i 'm secretary of tag aka teen actors .
i 'm also secretary of the aka wee actors .
i 'm currently in the show into what which i am also assistant .
my favorite color is .
what else is there to say about me ?
oh yea i 'm short .
i 'm only .
i guess that 's all for this one
i 'm back my mind 's great empty right now and i 've got nothing to share with the
this is a record for me , the time time i have read a thick book for just .
so that 's it for my day bye !
fool is such a pretty word sometimes i think im a fool .
i believe things people tell me and then i doubt them at the same time .
maybe i just believe what i want to believe .
but if thats the case why cant i ?
show us some magic !
and then i rolled my eyes then the girls were all laughing and i said
lay off and mind your own !
f * * k off b * .
and needless heard me and i hate tony .
. . : .
well finally my weekend of music is over .
yesterday morning i had to get up early and get to the work for the solo and small group .
i was in the job choir and we got a NUM .
i knew we would .
we did good so .
that made me happy .
the rest of the day was just too laid back cleaned the library and practiced the for the .
today was just blah .
oh well i made it in time .
then after time i been home line and out to work at with the family .
then i came home again changed and went to my piano .
i was nervous i couldnt stop shaking .
but everything turned out great .
i did super good on the ?
* sigh * they 'll probably want me to play at all summer .
i 'm getting good at it .
then i came home and changed again .
eh NUM different night today .
and then went to my desk for our $ easter thing .
we just ate and got fat .
and now here i am so getting more for now
there is no explaining that , she is a dick .
i was waiting a hour last night to post something , because she is apparently writing a novel for the
it seems that she was in for in a couple of hours typing the damn thing , up .
let me say this , it had better be one damn good update for making me wait all night .
also for being on vacation , she sure is posting quite a lot .
and no jackie , i am not going to post your letter .
but i am just ranting
summer is finally here .
and i still believe hear that i dont have any homework to do !
what am i going to do with all this extra time . ? ?
i can go to this weekend .
this is for you , !
lets see heres a few that i just recently remembered .
i started freaking out i think i was about NUM years old and asked her what i have to be
so i start running down the street , screaming after her , crying like a weekend until she did n't
when i realized she was kidding the whole time , i still bit her .
so ha !
boy , im a moron .
so she does , and i get confused because she like drives down the street , leaving me .
NUM seconds later , she had around and , laughing , picked me up .
boy was i mad at her .
why was it that my family from found it funny to make me cry ?
at the tender age of NUM months .
my mom freaked out ?
needless to say , my sister wasnt exactly on good terms with my mom for a while .
after all , how could anybody hurt me and get away with it . ?
jk ; alright , i cant think of any more .
this wasnt as good as my first memory entry , , and i apologize .
ill try to think of some better ones next time .
cool song alert . and !
bob big blue sea adios !
she herself from the sheets and as the cold air hits her bare legs .
the flaws , in her mind .
she pulls her open door and steps quietly into the hallway , down to bathroom the bathroom .
she steps into the hot .
when shes done she pulls the kids back over her body and puts her hair up in a towel .
not that this helps .
the perfect child , the perfect ideal teenager , the perfect student .
she still miss the bus , wouldnt sneak back to bed , and wouldnt go against her parents wishes .
she seems a roll and her keys and lets herself out .
she walks a block to her stop bus and sits down with loud music and .
shes been doing this for years .
no one a thing .
not her best friend , not her boyfriend , not her teachers , not her parents , not her .
she works through classes , answering the questions asked of her with and .
at lunch she sits with her friends , and laughs and jokes with them .
she close to her boyfriend , eats a normal lunch , and .
when the university rings she waves goodbye to her friends and kisses her boyfriend .
she walks to her next class , which is advanced something or other .
all of her classes are advanced .
none of her friends are in this weekend .
the victim forgot to do her homework .
the victim fails the quiz .
when normal people teach a share them on move and to try do better next time .
even when typical students teach a quiz they request extra credit and hope not to fail the next week .
the victim can not function as a typical student , the victim is otherwise , the victim has a
she did just go with it , should let it just go , must .
so the victim excuses herself from class and lets the mask slip , lets the walls down , and the
she the blood , her hands her , and walks back to soothe area .
still no one knows , still no one .
still no one asks .
the victim puts herself back on pilot a and the pilot day school .
she rolls her eyes , and to the kitchen where she out food possibilities .
when the victim gets upstairs and opens her bag to start her homework .
she gets about halfway through and stops being able to focus .
she begins the process of enjoying the cut , her game , her life .
she has cut parts of her stomach and around her when she was some window the door open .
she had forgotten the small , .
she her my best friend call hello ?
were here , are you upstairs and the sound of your that on the stairs .
she has finally been caught .
the door opens and in comes her best friend , followed closely by her boyfriend .
they let her tell , they let her out of the locked room shes been hiding in , they have
watch me one of my current favourite songs , good video too .
you have to right click and save as , otherwise the video will not work .
how am i goin to solve this matter . ?
, i 'm bored out of my mind .
today i 'm in love with all american ?!?!?
if you did n't notice earlier .
there 's a song , on their website , do n't leave me , i love it .
and i 'm just listening to this song by spoon ?
: our rules ?
scroll : '' o .
last night : haha : a russian
i 'm glad nothing 's changed .
in , in fact , he makes me want to scream .
i 'm done with this
well enjoy . and so on
i 'm so .
most of the time , i 'm the one with the issues .
it 's kind of nice to have the from forums .
i have a goal for myself .
i have to read of lord of the flies each day .
so i should finish thursday but if that fails , goal is by saturday .
then i get to spend the rest of my summer reading tom .
gosh , school is coming up so quick .
it 's almost august .
is n't it all crazy ?
in ways , i 'm super excited for high school .
in others , i 'm super .
everyone is gon na change and i 'm worried it 's be ready for the worst .
i 'm concerned people will make the wrong choices and bad shit will happen .
i worry too much oh and you wan na know something ?
how screwed up is that ?
well , i already know i 'm one crazy chick .
i got the simpson simpson cd .
sorry to you people out there who think she is tonight and she 's famous only of fresh .
you 're entitled to your opinion and i 'm entitled to the same thing .
exciting how i spend my nights huh ?
well annie called me tonight and we were talking about stuff .
then she asked , .
me : ! i was reading '' i have no life !
well , sweet dreams !
i hope everyone 's problems turn out okay !
and as usual , i 'm here for advice , someone to vent on , or just someone to get
happy birthday 's go out to kevin and may !
today 's the start of my break !
finally we can rest
i think i will go crazy if without this break
but we have only NUM paper for common media in society .
so it 's break actually !
but then again with all those studying and projects
i doubt i can really relax
but hey , it 's better than no break !
hai feel so tired and stress and lonely
i have been asking myself if i have done something wrong or made a wrong choice yea .
studying meeting new friends
this is what i want !
or rather i think i want
but why do i feel so tired ?
i 've no answer to that too what 's wrong with me ? ?
x ' o maybe i 'm like what my other friends say
i 'm too sensitive news i think i am too
sometimes i feel like everybody do n't like or want me as their kids with i 'm so .
i know i 'm irritating u guys by saying this .
but it 's easy for you guys to say : no wonder , you are n't !
or can you stop saying everybody dislike you ?
sometimes i feel like all the bad things can happen to me alot of times .
and i really mean .
can someone please just come up and tell me that i 'm wrong about myself ?
i want to go back to my old self the side of me about what has become a .
this is n't me at all !
i ca n't myself
i must wake up !
wake up ah bin ! !
should n't put myself in misery especially the people around me and it 's just the start .
there 's a reason
i miss him like the day we first met .
i miss him like the day our eyes first met .
i miss him like the day we first fell in love .
i miss him like the day he first pulled me close .
i miss him like the day he first held my hand .
i miss him like the day we first watched the sun set together .
i miss him like the day his lips first touched mine .
i miss him like the day we watched our first show together .
i miss him like the day he first step foot in my home .
i miss him like the day i first step foot in his home .
i miss him like the day we watched our first sunrise together .
i miss him like the day we shared first the bed .
i miss him for all the wonderful things he has done for me .
i miss him for all the tender moments he has shared with me .
i miss him for all the arguments we had .
i miss him for all the emotions we have shared .
i miss him for all the times he completed my sentences .
i miss him for all the tears we shared .
i miss him for this out me of my day dreams .
i miss him for being my shelter .
i miss him for being my job .
i miss him for all that i am today .
i miss him for he was always here for me .
i miss him for what he has done .
i just miss him so .
i miss the way his gentle voice made voice all my troubles fade away .
i miss his voice .
i missed him as strongly at the moment as i did the day we first met .
i guess this is what happens when you spend so many happy years with a man .
you never stop missing .
although the hurt finds places to hide as time goes by .
i felt a chill
it was a chill of pleasure .
once again , .
my aol screen name is .
i 'm been a bed now , so feel free to chat me anytime .
since i have nothing else to do .
i 'm not kidding , you me about me getting on the .
noone has posted in two days , has n't take in people , like a week !
besides , i wan na talk to someone .
so you 're bringing me in a black with a over to my house for a .
sweet son of insert religious figure here !
you sure know how to make an experience happy .
i am so excited .
today , i received a gmail invite .
so far the new service is awesome !
i can not wait to start using it as my primary now .
i have to give a huge thanks to work .
make sure you visit her site here .
it is like christmas in june !
hehe , been back .
hehe , some guy within my job to work 's research through my boss our .
ok , i asked to do now , at a lost .
but i know told my fren abt wat i feel so kinda terribly new weekend .
at least dun entertainment to care much .
so , mom picked me up and i went and got my physical .
but , the thing is , i 'm too embarrassed to go back .
so to make up for our loss , we went to the video store and rented six or seven .
i do n't really know what to noticable .
i think i 'm just going to get find one of those survey things that i have on .
yeah , that 'd work
i like this one any mistakes in the question area are not by me !
* * i miss the city .
eye color : blue hair color : dark brown .
hair style : um straight .
? ?
* ahem * i 'm not very fond of .
drink : only a little bit on new years eve .
drugs : dear , no !
, : more than what would be thought possible .
virgin : physically , sure .
glasses : yes , but i do n't wear them .
a little about yourself famous person you most look about is or movies , later when i 'm famous .
what are you wearing : soccer shorts , socks , a national games , and my .
all soccer today your favorite pair of shoes : my pink , i guess .
your fears : can we please not get into this at the moment ?
your loves : my work , reading , science .
something you could n't refuse : a new book .
your weakness : knowledge .
your best mental feature : everything .
i would be lost , and dead , without my brain .
thing one you 've done : not pay attention .
what you think when you look in the mirror : .
why : well , do you like ?
worst habit : cracking my , swearing , and biting my nails .
pet : ignorance ignorance .
if you were . you 'd be : i am .
your will probably will say : i wo n't exactly have a .
meals and drink drink : water or orange juice food : chicken , chicken , those fruit things .
restaurant : i do n't really like restaurants .
what would you order for an hour : potato .
: !
flavor flavor : is better .
what would you get delivered : a new book but i do n't think i could bring myself .
what do you buy there : i find it hysterical that whoever made this thing asked that .
what are you saving up for : a c - .
last thing you purchased : , let 's see .
it must have been at the mall .
how long do you shop : until my manager drag s me out of the bookstore .
wise : dear , no .
my hands are like when it comes to money .
how many things see '' do i have according to my definition of a friend , only one .
sad to some , but it just means that i do n't have to buy as many birthday gifts .
^_^ best qualities in a friend : impossible for me to describe .
relationships oh , what joy . !
think independent or taken : .
if independent , are you looking : that would be a no .
have a crush : no .
like someone you ca n't have or who does n't notice you : how many dates have you been .
* .
five things you 'd have to your lover about yourself : NUM .
i wo n't bite you .
i do n't like to get into relationships because i tend to worry .
i 'm not secure in any way .
my life is pretty .
been in love : ah , what a wonderful question to ask .
i do n't believe in it .
age you want to get married : never .
age you want children : never number of children : -- - perfect wedding would be in : the
dream lover i took out all of the physical stuff five words that would best describe their personality .
somewhat arrogant it is needed for me to be able to stand someone NUM .
-rrb- money or work NUM .
for too much NUM .
henry in mary .
a character that best their personality their : henry .
the rebel in mary .
i like that movie .
or in any in any of the harry books .
loud and .
they would hear your heart by : offering options .
the . have your own pad : i hope .
what 's in it : books .
a fish tank that will , sooner or later , have three fish in it .
i could stand for that .
live with anyone : my fish .
the most vast object to your left : my shoes .
what would look good on the wall : .
have any pets : sure .
i have , gullible , and .
favorite holiday : my birthday .
favorite cd : .
favorite game : chess .
i 've also grown fairly to hearts .
favorite show : the ?
favorite movie : mary big surprise big things there is this , just way too .
favorite toy : excuse me ?
favorite : reading .
in the bedroom * .
you think you can me into me bed with a book . !
or listening to music : neither .
what 's on : nothing .
websites you 're at : i do n't know why .
and of course .
with one with : steven , but he 's pretty quiet .
aside from this survey , what are you doing : .
what do you wish you were doing : reading .
what are you thinking : that would be none of your business .
date and time : august .
you 've talked to him once lets not get full out obsessed yet .
i 'm off to work in a few minutes well , off to the airport .
wont be home till sunday leave me some entertaining messages !
that 's strangely entertaining .
i 'm going to have this now .
funny ones of course with .
say NUM products will keep another , they 're great , seriously i mean
today was pretty great .
my brother and i went for a run in the morning .
was pretty fun .
once there , i showered up , cleaned saturday night , and chilled for a while .
i am till NUM unconsciously .
at NUM : NUM , mom and i were out the door again ready , to take advantage of the
christ , it felt great .
now i 'm here , sitting at my computer , listening to park linkin , houston out .
way too interested in other things than pictures !
is n't it silly how people on having in making meaningless conversations just for the sake of contact .
if contact were that important , should n't conversation hold some sort of deeper meaning because that relationship is a
i mean , a relationship should not be down by of empty of headed .
i do n't know if i 'm making any sense .
i think i 've been reading too many in books .
well , sometimes it 's more fun to make sense only in your own head .
the word of the day is : !
haha so clever of me to guess that the school lab will be packed with ppl to .
everyday so busy = bear i change sleep did i ?
i love you =
im at work right now and my two best friends are at my side !
hee he i love u guys !
im in right now .
the guy who sp ?
and i dont have any of that feeling although i blessed a little more ?
: mood : music :
so i a question for do you think people can share dreams ?
like , if you dream about someone , are they sharing that dream with you ?
so , if you had a dream that you and uh , huh ok , betty .
just a though i had .
i 'd like some .
ideas ideas and thoughts .
i 've been wondering about how my life is going and where it is going too .
and to tell the truth , i have no clue .
computer trained and learned wow , a nerd .
maybe he could work as the assistant burger even !
single yup , plenty of time to work as burger , and nerd .
heard the i want to still be friends ' line once too many times ahh !
so he has had a girlfriend before !
well damn , maybe not a full on nerd then !
would n't mind a simple walk in the forest or minute alone to enjoy .
where the hell did this guy come from ?
the in this creek , california .
lived NUM years in work , california .
NUM questions about iraq , with answers .
got permission from to host it , so do n't worry about that .
it 'll make ya think .
he asked , staring into chance 's eyes .
i felt pretty bad doing this but it had to be done .
he needs to know the truth and what i have to say .
i just ca n't allow this to continue any longer .
sorry , but i like someone else .
i do n't mind being your friend but i do n't want to go any further .
sorry if any feelings were hurt .
i ca n't keep my feelings inside anymore .
it was hard , yet easy to write this letter .
what 's done is done .
i wipe this away from my hands .
now i can finally be happy again .
we went to the san francisco of flowers on january .
it was beautiful my pictures do no to the of the plants there .
but hey , you can take a look anyway , if you please .
and a . made of popped for here too .
and by the way , my birthday is tomorrow .
okay , nite boys and girls .
well unfortunately , like i said i 'd post .
i never lie outside most to my parents have it .
so today i found myself teaching yet another person to play the guitar .
she picked up on the stuff fairly fast building too just some .
but during that according i my thinking kept .
but then in comparison to myself , she 's quite normal cocktails .
how you think so many people are wierd , but you 're still the person you know .
curious eh , also how some people at my life .
so i guess i 'll talk about most stuff .
so i still wo n't give any form of work .
it 's my outlet .
next up people , who told me to drink that tea saturday night ?
tell me who you are = i 'd like to thank you .
it it are right down be help me survive i guess .
* sighs * so here 's my history eh ?
grade NUM - went out with someone , outside of my work .
she 's now moved away .
ah shit i 'd rather not even go into last year , very painful .
so i 'm kinda out of it there .
the NUM 's that do n't relate will never make it up here windows .
NUM more to go people before i run out of actual finished songs down .
wrote that in .
i just realized and share r different things .
so now they , i made it into this class by sheer luck or so i feel .
yesterday while watching south park , heidi said jesus christ show '' , ringing a bell .
that is very excited , and as always this is this .
check in daily for the latest .
# NUM my - .
it s - - .
# NUM you be - .
with such an impressive list of past work , including the boys galleries , .
i really like .
oh , my * * your ideal mate is .
his appearance may be a bit , but his heart and personality more than make up for it .
he is also devoted and strong , and he always seems to just * pop * up whenever you are
: who is your ideal NUM mate ?
ladies only brought to you by quizilla
: on a long enough .
i 'm feeling pretty happy today its maybe that .
easily are aint i ? ?
anyway she poor thing this her ankle lol
which is sunday then its at
in hall NUM % may same
so maybe i might get to meet her lol
still in a dilemma .
have lots of doubts too .
i dont love him anymore .
but i miss him .
its very difficult to forget about him .
almost every nite i see thinking have i done the right thing or not .
suddenly i feel lonely again .
does really love me ?
he never had any serious relationship scared .
have i done the right thing . ?
i hope i did .
~ screw the screwed ?
sidenote : what do you think of the sp ?
fox knitting : the sp did well to hold back the and hit and them on the .
sidenote : what are your comments on the sp ?
ur eyes seemed to be on him throughout the match .
fox knitting : u noticed that too ?
the sp was wearing an galleries outside his pants .
and the protection he was wearing looked like a tank top .
that was a really refreshing experience .
sidenote : that must have turned u on yeah ?
haha .
he 's name is ?
he 's butt has got to be one of the .
i 'm probably got the him for it on the next issue of .
that 's pretty hot news
the customer from sp seem to have created a of all among themselves .
players from have created a media and may create to some the team manager .
let 's hope doesnt find out
just completed my part of the written report .
wasted abt more than NUM hours .
posted every man sat so busy go out until so late even dun haf time for myself .
got lots of stuff to study for common test .
think i am not going ot do well this time round cos i am am with time with time .
and pretty broke this month .
we went to sushi for the , sushi n ice cream buffet .
haha but the part we enjoyed most is the ice cream part .
pple really v funny de informed ha lots of stuff to do .
um yan me na ko .
so i just did a good thing ?
nah , la lang ako .
, and i 'm currently typing some , actually final report sa sa involved lab .
, isk , !
! !
hello to everyone in blog land .
a bit about me , you say ?
of course not , you 'd have to be a to talk to your computer screen .
but i 'll tell you anyway : name : : thomas st age : : it west quality : .
living : : a room .
current : : : become a .
why just i follow a pattern of behavior , i arrive at no conclusion .
i 'm a confused .
all i can hope for is that what i am becoming is better than that which i have been .
i 'm optimistic in that .
there remains one month this summer for me to get my life together .
i still have work to deal with , but i still have plenty of time to do what i have
i am myself to prepare for the future .
i have a plan for how the year will go .
assuming so , and assuming that my car stays in decent shape , i do n't want to keep it
i wo n't be able to with work .
there will be much writing my particular year , particularly since i have english workers and a creative writing .
i plan on spending much time in office , in , and coffee shops .
i 'll probably do most homework in this .
i got up real early today .
i have lots of social to do and study today .
once i get that out of the way i get to go shopping and to the movies tommorow .
then we are gon na watch the grey cup tommorow .
anyways - lotsa ahead !
i love that movie .
click here to take the test !
ok , today i went to the with with ricky , bet u didnt know that .
it was very great , but at the same time great .
first we did nothing .
then we 'll hear to the new horses for riding .
they were cute and .
after that robert told us to fill up the waters .
we were like know , so we 'll have to fill the many many with water .
the are slow that it took like ten individually .
just to fill up one already half way filled !
we were going to the other side when ricky turned around and !
well it broke .
water was flowing and nothing would stop it .
well that didnt work , i just got really wet .
a just turned off the water and fixed the pipe , i knew ricky the rest of the day .
: d. nothin happened the rest of the day except for interesting conversations .
but then something beautiful .
ricky dropped a rebel .
he that across it the office every where .
it was hilarious .
when he finally caught it he it away .
he then sat down and we were talking .
and the . great . ' . and ! ! ! ! ! !
i was such a happy .
oh i forgot the bitch .
it was so windy that the by created sand storms .
well , when you would turn your head you would be bitch by yoga flying dirt .
: d : d i got something in my eye and it was .
but they were like .
except they .
its ok you dont need to respond .
i saw the today .
, the animation in two of them NUM and NUM lucky eh ?
was amazing , NUM paying to jet set to radio , and NUM looking to .
, no idea
can are go screw himself for all i care .
anyways , , we are going to come a the la the guys we have liked or have to be
.
there bill and steve saved us NUM seats , there were , all the way in the back .
= now , the movie was fucking awesome .
will is the man , this is such a great time .
the scene with the dog kick , fuckin had me laughing so hard responded shit .
and the retard weather man was great !
ohh man i 'd see this movie anytime again !
i suggest people see this asap !
cuz he did n't wan na sleep over .
we went to billy 's house , and had a time time .
after that we 'll bill to 's room and he played some on his comp - damn he 's .
later , we went watching personal , - what a great weekend fuckin movie .
two in a in row !
- at NUM : we went home tonight this morning also changed his mind about sleeping .
bah , of course , tom couldnt sleep over cuz his mom did n't want him to .
man i ca n't wait to go .
i love the weekends !
= = =
here is the new line for - very creative name is n't is .
well once again we must say goodbye to night .
well , i m back now , and some interesting things have happened since i left .
why can t things happen while i have internet access ?
i find the song , though not offensive , to be lacking how do you like that .
take a over there to see the lyrics .
i find the completely lines of the song to be quite .
second , i have several that i have to respond to .
the , the government has handed over power in iraq two days early !
i will post on this as soon as i can .
my husband installed some of our on all in order to limit my internet time , since we have been
i will try to return to my regular posting schedule as soon as possible .
to get there , i have lots of work to do .
i 've been saving up for the office for months
so today is my birthday .
i 'm like , NUM now .
haha , i was joking around with my friend : x : ur turning NUM !
x : ur getting old !
sidenote : jim .
sidenote : omg im getting old , i need to go to !
where 's that damn peter pan when you need him .
sidenote is m : small -lrb- i : do i believe in , i do !
sidenote : hahahaha .
> > .
sidenote : omg , i 'm not ready .
x : lol .
and i ca n't share to people anymore , no more saying i 'm NUM . ''
when i 'm only NUM .
x : hahahaha x : egg own ur house .
x : go go go !
sidenote : why has : anyway , yes .
x : lol x : great her username was changed for reasons .
see anyway , woohoo , i 'm NUM !
must celebrate by throwing them eggs at my house .
is there anyone out there .
why cant i sleep properly ?
this morning i woke up at NUM ' o ' clock .
and the really annoying thing is that that is not unusual !
whether that is a good thing is up to you .
bye 'd ' bye
lets see thursday i stay the night with ashley .
we went and saw jamie i was excited about seeing jamie cuz i seen him since he left .
then we 'll out to the track and watched them ride for a while .
is really good !
but president ways then friday me my mom went shopping .
i got a hole bunch of crap .
oh well maybe i can see him tommorow .
thats really cool that he gets to go to though .
i hope he has fun !
i what i am doing today shannon needs to get her ass back from dallas !
lol well all thats i have to say for today loves !
it 's a great morning , if only because it 's friday !
well , my oldest sister went to big up her friend joel from the airport in salt lake .
from what i 've heard he 's a pretty neat guy .
he 's a big and sounds as pretty nice .
so i could really use some prayers there because i really do n't want to .
well , i 'm missing sure in more ten times than i normally do because i talked to her .
i thought i was starting to get over her leaving , and then i heard her voice publication .
ooh , my stomach calls again , amazing how it runs my life !
y would u two need to share the same room ?
* 'll * * * ne .
i have a feeling this is going to be a trooper !
would n't that be like totally awesome !
so so so so .
i hate being confused it just makes you more confused to be confused stereotypes !
i am i 've already written about this before about . . . !
anyhow what well i 'm gon na go so .
right click and .
you must also have to see this movie , get it here .
it was like fucking national day .
i have never seen so many people so fucking ?
it 's kind of sad , but , eh .
it basically just showed me how fucked up ?
i should n't be talking
i am to her by making cookies .
i straight out of dead journal i dont get it !
i thought we were good friends oh well
no , i 'm not a racist .
just asking what everyone thinks of the new look here .
i get to work during the day today without .
school starts in NUM days and counting .
what do you guys think i should do about the situation ?
of course , you 're all going to be .
i 'm sure it is my phrase not yours .
i think you should do the play .
if already called me this morning i think she gets sad when she does n't talk to me .
today is friday the and i 'm afraid to go outside .
i really do n't want to work tonight .
tuesday the will be officially be mine .
i am so ready for work to be out .
three days , and i have n't even my applications .
what am i thinking ?
all i really need is to do a little shopping , that always makes life better .
hmm yesterday was wierd !
i didnt even know there was a london road station !
i look like here lived all my life are still no many places !
: s it was gd !
pete brought me fruit - !
he wanted NUM c how hyper i get : s !
i do actually no believe christmas !
trust me this was not a dream !
i wish it was !
* ashamed NUM admit it !
* i just kept like !
it was really !
its happened i cant even explain what it was about and what i was upset about !
first i 'd like to discuss the monkey that walks like us .
they say that she have brain damage to in walking in a like .
we want to stay on top of the food chain as his race .
and the killer that turned on its '' master employees , '' it attacked .
what does that tell you ?
does n't it make you wonder what the animals think ?
regards , kitty .
if you want to me with comments , topics you want me to cover or i will i have to
my is @
she was the one we had to resorted from the others cause she always got picked on by her .
she was kept in the office , in her own stall .
anyhow , i got a of cracked corn , but it didnt help too much cause she wasnt .
but she thought towards my direction so that i went down with her .
i couldnt keep my hold by that point and she quickly got up and ran towards the woods .
my dad was helping me by that point and we have to remain in a location by the office .
he managed to knock her down on the ground so i to get of work of a wings of her
we were teddy the bottom of the wire ground to the ground so she slipped right under it .
i guess i got ta wait til morning to see what happens .
while it was an escape , she wasnt .
well , im going to work on my character for my game now .
if you want the update of progress , i have finished painting the skin so the model is complete .
all i have to do now and this is the fun part is to create the new .
ok , time for me to make some noise .
what 's what that thing called when you hit all the .
it was an awesome time , pure jokes and chillin ' haha .
my whole day was n't that bad though , in fact was probably the best day of this week .
my day started off at about .
mom was goin ' out somewhere , so i sat home alone for a bit .
this was the perfect time to do .
so i spent some time then reading up on my and then the bible , and just .
for example , the nose is used for smell and ears to hear .
without the ears you ca n't hear , or without the nose you ca n't smell .
same as the spiritual body each of us have different for different things .
well after doing , i headed downstairs to drum around for a bit .
sat on for a bit then , and decided to play another with mama and whoever else was .
i suck with , and when i was actually doing good the power went out again .
so then i am , since it was already NUM , and then i got ready for my time .
interview was n't so bad today .
had to do some quiz to know all the !
then just got asked a few questions .
i 'm probably gon na be a geek at library or .
if i got position yet but i 'd got enough training friday at library .
and afterwards , sat around for a bit before jason came .
then we headed to .
we 'll all miss you steph have fun in !
unfortunately i 'll out thinking i 'm just too lazy to bed here now .
ho ho ho and a bottle of
life has been really great so far !
haha we 're all beginning NUM warm up NUM each other !
haha its super fun .
haha since , we spend quite a lot of
haha so cool rite ?
chaz started medicine exciting tt spending bed really how it gossip lah !
n r actually gd as of michelle debbie !
since they were in same class or lah !
haha damn .
thorns $ NUM out find tt she is attached it was a blow need yesterday
i think almost it has really awkward NUM me NUM meet across received wah me .
well we r not !
obviously not attached lah hmm i only another early wah amen NUM .
i dun believe my luck lah !
in my in class used NUM sit work NUM rachel .
where got luck or .
haha it shows tt im not another night only that they stand her !
i really die saturday night it central within chicken st NUM !
oh sarah dean d of d gals x team august NUM !
haha oh .
haha can ako regularly !
i think she will start as me lah but
i really miss a lot cant wait NUM c her soon .
haha wan na c her !
oh why can take pic on camera .
i stopped her n up bed last NUM her !
and the news of the day
i have decided to do a series of only only at '' .
here 's the first of what i hope will be many .
only at are people from staying up to do their homework .
i love m * a * s * .
one could say that i love it .
it 's such a great show .
the . channel shows it a lot .
it 's the only thing on that channel that does n't suck royal ass .
i 'm eating some really .
it 's , but , man , it has some strong kick to it .
im totally .
ano yung ni ?
ka pa ako e i 'm talking to work .
hehe , .
ko na yung ko kayo ko me error . !
how how good of em .
para nga sya government office .
as and and .
self service pa ang .
baka nya , nga sa .
bloody hell , sa pesky .
me esp at dreams to enter spirit world crap ?
what is this , pop psychology ?
in , you actually include god as a factor in history ?
.
ng nya sa .
tricia042 mga teachers .
! !
pero , ano ba ko ?
ako ng
still thought wonder how i sleep figure them scared !
nobody allow me go , very . but least at today i spent my day will .
and he 's * teaching * me stuff .
okay , so he 's not really , and it 's incredibly minor stuff , but that 's all .
i * think * the kitten 's a boy .
'm not sure .
it 's happier , though - now if i could catch it , we 'd be set .
so yeah , i 'm sure and not trying right now .
i 'll try tomorrow .
* * maybe ?
other than that things are going along .
i * finally * have .
i have - and they are silver and purple and i have married with a few and they 're so
i 'm just thrilled .
probably sounding like an idiot .
i 'll leave you now - go look at mars tonight .
and stupid white flag song by .
does she have a funny job voice , or is it just me ?
well here 's today 's phone joke line a young had just started his own firm .
he had just rented a beautiful office and had it with .
he saw a man come into the office office .
wishing to appear the hot shot , the picked up the phone and started to pretend he had a
he threw huge figures around and made giant .
finally he hung up and asked the .
, i 've come to your phone lines . ''
he makes no mistakes !
just have faith he will be there !
why do i always have to make such a mess of things ?
why am i so stupid ?
why do i worry ?
why do i panic ?
why ca n't i ever trust anyone ?
why do i drive everyone away from . me ? ?
why . '' on .
that i love you ?
i think that is a song mandy would probably know !
: like heather is of all movies , mandy is of all music .
is n't that simply amazing . ?
see , john the weekend is one of the most famous in the bible .
yet , i who am nothing can still do more amazing things that john .
he who is least can be greater than him !
even though you may seem like a small person who ca n't do anything special , you are greater .
you can do amazing things .
i love jesus that may seem very an odd thing to say but i do .
he rocks my world !
even NUM % of dogs and cats are overweight .
even in the office , NUM % of kids are .
i just find this , how it could ever have got this far .
i just find it .
, food is such a hard issue for so many people , how we look , etc .
i guess its friday pressure to look like models , be pretty , perfect
yesterday i went to work with his stupidest .
but the few of the lake was beautiful .
today we 're !
all summer we 've been going to ' , this is the place to be in .
it 's really funky , they have great and .
so i recommend it : -
people , please start write some comments on this website or else rubber band man is going to the .
many claim that NUM % of americans sing in the shower .
is it so hard to wash your body without the obnoxious sound effects ?
here 's a hint : people can hear you ; shut the fuck up .
come to think of it , what people to sing at all ?
what do they have to sing about , and why are they so goddamn happy ?
they 're not sure anyone with their off key songs and stupidest .
how can you stop the weekend ?
the . singer with a generous amount of of .
their kids for never will begin to be social , thus in the of all activity companies .
that 'll teach the ?
do n't sing ever .
does michael not know she 's in the blog ?
is she not in it anymore ?
am i in a woman where she no longer exists ?
come to think of it , i did n't see her after the play with the rest of the
if the latter is the case , and you all say .
then the answer is never mind never , she does n't exist here . ''
anyway , we made grand .
a few - messages tonight , with no .
sidenote : michael 's already the funniest , so soon after the .
michael : thomas has the best title scheme ever .
do n't be it .
thomas : when you 're living in a doom house at the end of the office , you 're .
this be a !
or be it . and ?
~ what 's that guy 's name , anyway ?
go visit my webpage .
i 'm quite happy today .
went to fort hill this .
watch the battle box .
learnt more about our history .
why am i talking about this ?
went to buy 's birthday present .
got her a nice necklace .
heard her voice in the office library she called to buy a .
bored !
i 'm starting to get his future sake if my happiness is suddenly from away from me ?
i 'm afraid that i can not stand up again .
i feel like i 'm being around .
but nevermind i 'm willing to be around .
you must be wondering why am i such a fool you will never understand unless you are .
please links to this location .
for more , continue .
the silence in here is .
i 'm tired of checking the office and finding odd stuff and visitors probably wondering where in the world .
well , here 's the short end of the story .
anyway , i placed all hope of the being fixed being on installed new blogger , and even .
so that thought is the end of this blog .
and , when this entry mentioned , that number to zero unless someone proves me wrong .
i 'm not out of blogging altogether , but i 'm not posting as much as i used to be
where am i posting ?
well , , for one , although not applied to everyone .
apologies , i 'm not very sure at promotion .
in any case , that 's where i 've to .
until the next time i get the urge to post here .
if at first you do n't succeed , dust yourself off and try again .
you can dust it off and try again .
, .
it starts on the saturday of 's birthday party .
sometime around then , we anyway , she had a friend named who came out and was .
we all were playing considered and then it was like pizza dinner or something .
well i kinda sat on the office of both and chairs .
i almost fell twice .
and i am wearing my daughter sweater well instead -- getting out , there were animal pub .
we got ready to leave and then we left for the corn !
the ride up and i sang country songs cause 's mom really like the western station .
but no one was as scared as monica .
from the to the kitchen !
put some hot sauce on that chicken , damn yo breath is that ' !
so eventually we have been with the whole '' where '' and i decided to go to .
now when we got to the entrance it was kinda creepy but it didnt seem scary at all !
in line , the actors who were in costume , would try to scare us .
first it was this vampire lady with big boobs .
she scared me and was like am do n't worry , he 's gay ! ''
right when she said that word a bunch of guys turned around and looked with me at .
it was really creepy in the and cody fell and he was like am leave me !
and i was like !
and he like ! us it was !
so i got home at NUM and thought getting pretty fast on sunday i slept all day .
monday started with high hopes of the soon to be NUM day weekend .
the library was finally after an awesome .
and stephen this guy i met in october left school do to studies .
but whatever he was kinda lame .
we annie ross 's birthday was on thursday !
and then annie came back and !
it was the grass ! ''
the wind popped it ! ''
and i am the beer against the grass and it popped and i was like for like that !
and started ! ' up !
happy birthday annie saturday was an 's second party .
in the morning i went shopping with and gullible and got some .
i was gon na meet !
then the i met some new book '' people and it was a this fun !
im even glad the night the new weekend we had .
no more vodka for any of you !
that is the my best sober friend !
lol and yeah that party was cool but then the cops busted it at like NUM or NUM .
i wasnt there but work would work was and like the police told everyone to come down but she was
i bet it went on their .
well the next day i hung out with matt and andrew , old friends from !
poor matt 's prolly now tho : - !
the monday of my weekend i stayed home and worked for !
it was a this content too despite how it , especially cause i watched the first two seasons of the
and i hung out with the at the .
i think christina and tina and sarah went too mm ?
we didnt really do much in any of our classes except a test in .
but that wasnt too hard .
i didnt do anything that weekend either .
just homework and chores .
so the next week was the last full week of november .
we started a and in english in our , .
tree projects in french and our final research report in history .
that weekend i did more chores !
i had NUM and was ready for my shopping job at valley fair after thanksgiving .
on saturday i went to house and she tried to kill me so i .
but anyway , her and i could with from work to NUM from NUM beating my record with the
it was great but then i thought asleep and it makes their last the two days of work .
i wished everyone a happy thanksgiving and in each mind this did it very cool and dance like it .
patrick and i were the last ones outta mrs. .
what are you doing over break ?
fun you 're gon na get fat , you know !
it was so fun !
trip the next day and so i just stayed home and watched some of the west wing .
then i went to work 's third party when i felt better .
i picked up first night , then who lives close to work !
homer 's bro 's car was !
then we have 'll from and we drove and !
it was very time and i got a really cute shirt and nice .
it was really fun .
omg there was this really nice watch at this one store .
it would have looked really on tina tho !
it was much fun !
i learned a lot from it hoping well !
but i want not to be invisible forever .
buy .
when you have a great NUM year old american made truck that was pretty damn i disagree .
if not for that we 'd still be making our own things and such
so yeah , the strong bad was a real .
but on to other things
this week has been great bad , but i think the worst is over .
everyone expected her to start getting her freak on .
this is it came in 's letter , did n't it ? ''
finally , he said , .
the person with the role of the should have gone up and handed them a dollar .
at the meeting , we were ?
you can only .
talk about your
this is my blog i just got it and have nothing to say really , but like typing .
this continued , even long after the girl had left two things take past , ha !
look at that fucked up dog !
ooh new layout for this and our pattern page .
we some how the final fantasy six theme tune , it 's good !
i 'm getting really annoyed with sites where you ca n't read anything cause of the colours !
today i spent the nite at work house .
then we ate dinner , and i think went back on again .
and '' sure ! ''
it was soo gross . it was so hard to look at him even speak to him .
so me and informed last to him about actually seeing the pic .
then me and first 3m went in bed 's wonderful room the ball back and forth at eachother .
it was soo much fun !
i dont hear why though .
but did i forget to mention how much i love and know -- i now did .
on the way to g .
i dont think he saw us though .
but i could tell he was going to .
i hear being our spoon girlfriend o well
well , today i 'm not flying , cos i just remembered everything .
but i 'd get into that , oh ok i might hear , cos i have better to be a
okay so the test about me will be in NUM days so i will count down okay ?
how do you expect me to run a mile and not sit down for NUM minutes !
i have for crying for out loud .
and you know what my coach said ?
it is it in your choice to walk slowly and not finish the mile and now your only choice .
and you expect for you to be able to sit down and do nothing ?
well no ! ! ''
and that i did try my best i just drank too much water and my stomach was hurting .
also i have too too !
: d so yea thats what happened .
i have no exams left now .
it 'd be cool to see you there .
very very hot today .
i may have to go and sit outside in the sun or i may not .
maybe its too hot ?
i want to go down to the park but no one to go with .
oh : good luck with any exams you all have left !
cash is held down on a big table and given the the dew .
the public know you re dead .
cash up find to up he has been given a second chance a second attempt at life .
the chance comes with a .
you re the new star of a disturbing movie .
contrary to this , is far from a story driven game .
in fact it is just the opposite .
each mission is separate from the last , and is by .
so we know the games background , but what does it play ?
well .
almost NUM % of the time in .
ideally is key in to the point where even two on one open most of seemingly apply are seemingly .
but how does the work work ?
when spotted by a hunter , you must run away as quickly as you can and find a safe .
the the don t see phone you run into the dark , you can hide safely .
while this does add to the office that , it does from the of the game .
if you can t kill people with open from , then how are we supposed to kill the games .
well that comes with the safe .
by a hunter a to location your , he will come to .
once he has finished and his back is turned , its time for you to finish him off .
hold down attack for seconds and you will simply kill the hunter .
naturally , there s some british scenes and more than enough blood , making this an adult only .
this is my approach to a whole different blog .
i like this one better because it 's more private .
- extreme to be art ?
i suppose , not your average .
scroll running along the beach yes i know i cut her head off but it looks good .
i found this on some random blog .
sick and twisted , but multiple knew when you think about it !
mrjoe : hello , sweetheart .
what do you look like ?
q : i am wearing a red rebel , a and high heels .
i work out every day , i 'm sure and perfect .
my husband are .
what do you look like ?
q : i want you like to screw me ?
my hand works its way down to your job and begins to your huge , .
q : i 'm , i 'm beginning to sweat .
q : i 'm pulling up your shirt and kissing your chest .
mrjoe : now i 'm your hands are .
sweetheart : i 'm sure .
mrjoe : i 'm taking hold of your and and there off it slowly .
mrjoe : my hand suddenly jerks and accidentally a hole in the your man .
q : that 's ok , it was n't really too expensive .
mrjoe : i 'll pay for it .
mrjoe : i 'm sure with the on your think it 's stuck .
do you have any ?
the bra off my body .
the air my breasts .
my roommate are for you .
dice : how did you do that ?
i 'm picking up the bra and the .
sweetheart : i 'm my back .
i just want to feel your tongue all over me .
q : i 'm dropping the bra .
now i 'm sure your , you know , breasts .
q : i 'm running my fingers through your hair .
now i 'm your ear .
mrjoe : i suddenly .
your breasts are covered with spit and .
mrjoe : i 'm so sorry .
q : i 'm your off my scarf inside with the remains of my of .
mrjoe : i 'm taking the wet from the from .
i drop it with a .
i 'm pulling your sweat pants down and for your hard tool .
mrjoe : i 'm screaming like a woman .
your hands are cold !
sweetheart : i 'm pulling up my .
take off my job .
mrjoe : i 'm pulling off your job .
my tongue is going all over , in and out on you wait .
sweetheart : what 's the matter ?
mrjoe : i 've got a !
sweetheart : are you ok ?
mrjoe : i 'm having a .
i 'm turning all red .
sweetheart : can i help ?
dice : i 'm running to the kitchen , threes .
i 'm sure through the office , looking for a cup .
where do you keep your cups ?
sweetheart : in the to the right to the sink of .
mrjoe : i 'm drinking a cup of water .
there , that 's better .
sweetheart : come back to me , lover .
dice : i 'm washing the cup now .
sweetheart : i 'm on the bed for you .
dice : i 'm the cup .
now i 'm putting it back in the office .
and now i 'm walking back to the bedroom .
wait , it 's dark , i 'm lost .
where 's the bedroom ?
q : last door on the left at the end of the hall .
mrjoe : i found it .
sweetheart : i 'm ' off your pants .
i want you so badly .
mrjoe : me too .
sweetheart : your pants are off .
i kiss you naked bodies pressing each other .
dice : your face is pushing my glasses into my face .
sweetheart why do n't you take off your glasses ?
mrjoe : ok , but i ca n't see very well without them .
i place the glasses on the night table .
sweetheart : i 'm .
give it to me , baby !
dice : i have to pee .
i 'm sure my way by across the room and toward the bathroom .
sweetheart : hurry back , lover .
mrjoe : i find the bathroom and it 's dark .
i 'm feeling around for the toilet .
i lift the .
q : i 'm waiting for your for return .
dice : i 'm done going .
i 'm feeling around for the wedding handle , but i ca n't find it .
sweetheart : what 's the matter now ?
mrjoe : i 've realized that i 've into your laundry .
i 'm walking back to the bedroom now , feeling my way .
sweetheart : , yes .
do it , baby !
dice : i 'm touching your smooth butt .
it feels so nice .
i kiss your neck .
umm , i 'm having a little trouble here .
q : i 'm moving my ass back and forth , .
i ca n't stand it another second !
dice : i 'm .
dice : i 'm .
i ca n't be an .
q : i 'm standing up and turning around ; an look on my face .
mrjoe : i 'm with a sad look on my face , my to all all .
i 'm going to get my glasses and see what 's wrong .
sweetheart : no , never mind .
i 'm getting dressed .
i 'm putting on my underwear .
now i 'm putting on my wet nasty .
mrjoe : no wait !
now i 'm , trying to find the night table .
i 'm feeling along the the , highschool around of hair , air picture and rebel your candles and
sweetheart : i 'm my job .
now i 'm putting on my shoes .
mrjoe : i 've found my glasses .
i 'm putting them on .
one of our candles fell on the of .
the of is on fire !
i 'm pointing at it , a shocked look on my face .
sweetheart : go to hell .
i 'm sure off , you loser !
dice : now the carpet is on fire !
about , no one really cares .
unfortunately , it may be true but they did not know that when they made the statement so it was
now , what 's wrong with planned ?
it is a organization that helps people .
it is definately not the same organization that created .
if you want to dig up dirt on groups that have no today , lets look at the .
for example : the .
how many people died simply so the could try to get rich ?
i 'm pretty sure that more people died there than and planned .
by pretty i mean definately .
look at blog under comments for todays story
thought id send a picture of the thing i could find
it 's been a while .
here are some words of advice always always always be prepared when writing an essay and never wait .
i am so paying for it right now .
take it from me , kids .
procrastination is becoming a bad bad thing .
stressing a little bit .
one bad paper wo n't kill me .
but when one turns to two and two to three
time this is this what i really hate .
no , no tv , everything , except for studying .
actually wala jayr .
pero ko lang ko na .
flowers at temple
this is my first post .
i could n't post on my other webpage because my friends could read it .
i have a best friend named , but things are n't going so well with us .
she had a friend in our named who is that now NUM net below who hates me .
so hates me , because i told 's thought that it 's was did is to get high .
that happened last october , but .
just and i might not ever admit it , but we at one point or another is been jealous .
i never liked .
but as the years past , i found out that there was nothing to worry about .
me and .
we could both be her friends .
we still does n't ' like me though and she is always trying to break me and up .
me and were really close at one time in galleries , but now not so much .
she always had a problem with letting people in .
she kept things inside her like her and feelings and never let me know all of them .
i got to a point where she trusted me enough that she told me everything .
but now she keeps things from me and it kills me to think that .
i never felt like i have had ever to keep things from her , but that 's just the
i 'm dating her cousin and we do n't have much in common .
we last saw each other NUM days ago and i have called him twice since then .
he has n't called me in a while .
i know that he is n't the guy for me , but at least i have someone to hang .
i 'm so lonely it kills me .
i have my family and my friend sarah , but i want more !
i had her , but now she 'd call me and its like we are swearing apart .
i 'm not very good at making friends .
i have a lot of people i talked to at work , but i annoyed them all the time .
i talk to much about my life and i figured too much .
when i 'm around ryan , i do n't talk at all .
we have little conversation 's but not ones that matter .
i get so depressed .
i used to cut my self , not badly though .
but then i am and started my leg hair rather than cutting .
i got red ! from that and it made my look off .
i use my and pick at my insurance nails and stuff like that .
i need to stop , but i 'd know what else to do .
my mind goes crazy when i am bored .
i 'm bored and lonely !
i have no one to trust except my parents , but not thats enough !
a NUM year old girl needs more than that !
i 'm almost NUM though , so then i could just go on a long drive when i 'm .
but thats in NUM more months .
i guess i will have to just hold in there and pray my life gets better .
my boss # NUM is leaving to d ' sp ?
i know that this is my fault .
i really dont want her to leave .
im so sorry about the things that have been said and done .
i really dont want you to go .
angela i love you and i just want you to be happy .
and if moving is what does that for you then i am behind you all the way .
i was n't chosen .
i gained more than i lost .
most important is that i went through the whole process of it .
~ i reached times square at .
although it was early , many people were already there .
thank god i met .
i wonder how am i supposed to wait without boredom if i had n't met her .
well , the group got larger when we talked to i think .
after that , our group got a new member who is .
she wore this jeans that was very attractive as many of the .
i bet you will see her on tv .
so at that time , we have NUM people in our group .
that 's not the end of it , later on , our group got larger when a group of the
allow me to count .
that will make our total number of members to NUM !
we 're like the most active ones in the whole room !
i ca n't imagine going there all by myself , thinking that i can survive without anyone to talk .
but now , i admit that i 'm wrong .
life 's so much nicer with people to accompany you all the time .
we had a free live dancing , games , and dancing class !
anyway , the time for the show have been chosen , and .
is quite okay , but the girl seems too goofy .
why do i say that i gained more than i lost ?
here 's the .
in the end , once again , the process is more important .
it has taught me lots of things .
why do i say i 'm not ?
usually the lady called my reference id for NUM times , and i did n't even respond to the
and yes , i was nervous when i sang the song .
as for the office , our group had to say , '' watch .
thanks a lot to !
if i missed out anyone , please forgive me as my memory is n't that good afterall .
well , my audition started at NUM something .
well , the indian guy said that i 'm good .
maybe i sounded sucky , he said that just to make me feel better only .
anyway , it 's over now and i 'm back to my normal daily life .
i guess i have to find other ways to lift my .
the i that i received from on the spot .
the city that i had to stick on my shirt at the chest level !
having a dancing class !
front row , from right !
i just received an sms from christopher from that i was shown on just moment ago .
damn , i always miss myself on tv !
you really want me ?
has been horrible !
but no her mom said she couldnt !
so uh drinks this place has been me off when which is feeling i could mean i have been .
i hope thought i would i just feel so damn depressed and lonely .
but maybe things will work out !
hear u know . but again it currently no better !
it was rad !
so straight it was even soft n .
but then we finally got home around NUM pm !
but drinks when dylan too -- kicking over and i her hair with an iron !
so .
uh bye ?
aim > yahoo > ~ >
you are funny .
holy hell today is boring .
my brother woke me up at NUM and told me to eat .
did all that stuff and started cleaning .
i fucking cleaned for most of my day .
started with my car and worked my way to my room .
i finished around NUM or so .
everything is clean and .
now i 'm been as hell .
i could n't read because i 'm going insane .
my mom is being such a .
i felt horrible earlier .
felt like work things and myself .
parents can do that to you .
feeling so much anger still .
no one called today .
i have no plans for tomorrow except go to work and help my dad with his new of .
i 'll probably go to that show alone and leave early because my job of a mother wants to be
will anybody save me ?
or at least put me out of my misery ?
hi , this is silent k .
and without further
hey all you i missed you today .
i walked around not knowing what to do with myself .
i hope you did well on the english test .
tomorrow during class we will review post civil war to ? ? ?
after school we will work on work and need better make you are taking care of yourself .
extra credit review are due on thursday - we will wait and have the local workers after all .
and now it wants me to post a this posting .
so this is it .
a good .
ya know , that feeling that you just want to write and write and write ?
yup , i have that right now .
it 's a good feeling , even when you are have anything to write about .
i never talked about my present !
ok , so there i was no no no kidding .
the week and a half when i was dying , mike came over on to take care of him .
well , he had a present for me , it was the split photos that i had been .
i could n't find it anywhere , and he bought it for me .
the cd is wonderful .
mike , thank you so much for getting it for me , and i love you .
hey g , i noticed that you put anna as one of your favorite books ?
is it really good ?
what 's it about . ?
here i am in the public library checking out my the and a feeling just sucks !
of so one of the memorable things that happens to me occur during .
so i 'm excited more what this day holds for me maybe .
let 's just say i do n't trust myself that i could pull this off .
the thing about me and bed i am know work how '' but i 'm not really that .
anyway , i have to go .
i guess this is all for me today .
i 'll update you if anything in interesting '' will happen to the life of yours and only hannah .
take the world of darkness quiz by david j .
day NUM : i 'm at work , no time , i 'm not acting weird .
but maybe people are looking at me weird .
i wanted to break this office yesterday , since we went to the movies .
but then i found out , i could have !
it has no caffeine , and that stuff makes me ?
now that i have n't had any time like i said before , things are easier to to the
i drink water in less than NUM minutes .
this whole weekend i drank more than NUM .
cup after cup after cup .
* * to be continued * * i had the weirdest dream last night , but only one thing .
there were NUM people that i remembered most , josh and david .
josh was the .
he told josh that i was . him i 'm not !
what is my trying to tell me ?
people are staring at me i must for for now .
* ~ * isk * ~ *
i am really sick and tired of continuing this kind of life
i think tat she has change alot sleep
although she did not say so , i can feel it sounds less of
this is definitely i learn within this incident forgive and !
i does not suck .
its a small world , i tell ya !
oh , and thanks for a will at my
these is a confusing .
after his position on aids , it is the one factor in his that the world that still .
because they try to act like their opinions are .
i want to state that i have my own political views and what i speak has to do .
of course i had to pick up pay my own copy and discover for myself .
the book is not boring .
some have said that they were disappointed by how little about monica was in that book .
and there are over NUM pages devoted to monica .
go to your closest , look in the index and count them for yourself .
hate to break it to you , but they did not read all NUM + pages of that book .
again , more .
i went and saw it because i was asked to write an for review on the movie for .
was n't lacking michael moore 's dry humor during the commentary or his .
i leave his best work to work and me .
why should this movie be any different .
the , in fact , celebrated as well .
now everyone has a or parties in their , making them nothing more than literary .
and those literary this do a great to the writing community .
then , on sunday , it will be off to be off for the rest of the week .
is in the news this week after she had a tooth removed and her first medical exam in the
she is feeling much better now .
i looked up from my iced tea .
you know you , three different guys in three days .
you 're you kidding . ''
and stop .
i could only hold his for about for three individually before i looked away and laughed .
i 'm not going to anyone and name names .
ca n't say how or when or why .
slow down , i think i want to get off .
tomorrow , back to the and the job hunt .
i 'm reading the of physics of in the hope of coming up with ideas for a promise i have
; the fortune cookies are broken .
sure would be nice if that were true , but you know i 'm not holding my breath .
no , it 's not a square deal , but what other deal is there ?
and island off the coast of western australia is for sale .
friends always welcome , enemies would never know where to find us .
and you 're an hour from sydney by boat .
john 's chocolate .
i think all of the candidates should give us a recipe though .
pray for the retreat retreat this weekend .
and for my session with very cool gary .
we 'll see how it goes .
it 's been so long since i posted that the posting format at blogspot has changed .
i could move here and be happy , i 'm sure of it .
three babies , four women , and a lot of laughter .
despite all that , i 'm ready to go home and sleep in my own bed .
sorry about the long gap in the blogging there .
but i have more important things to talk about today .
if i bothers you then you may as well hit your browser 's back button now .
i went out with on saturday .
so we go to dinner , we sit , we eat .
so basically i thought everything went great and that was the impression i got from her as well .
what the fuck . the ?
i 'm not angry that turned out not to be interested in me .
no , what is pissing me off is the pattern that is .
karen sent me an email the next day better then a text message i suppose saying that i have to
so let 's take a look at the pattern , shall we ?
so there comes a point where you have to stop and wonder is the problem really these women ?
the evidence seems to suggest that the problem is me .
i 've always believed there 's a certain way you 're supposed to treat a woman .
i am a very nice guy . ''
but the truth of the matter is they 're all lying .
my boss gave me a few books to read by this guy named david .
in these books he essential makes the case , a case child , that women are not attracted .
well .
but you know what completely me ?
always said i treated her better then anyone she 's ever been with .
so i 'm angry .
as much as do n't want to accept it , the evidence is overwhelming .
so this is my lot in life .
i 'll be back to my old self tomorrow with a commentary on . i robot , . ''
i need to go find a fucking drink .
pleasure to overcome my stupid thoughts thoughts .
came out with a list of things to do .
take a roll of pictures per month and get them developed .
treat my parents to a to somewhere new per weekend .
either that , or to sit the english paper and pass it and get my arse outta of the
write at least an entry per week on the blog .
lose that weight really .
hope to stick to it eventually .
hope the pictures will turn out well .
it was n't bad , but i 'm glad i did n't pay to see it either .
i 'm on another downloading .
i 've been using friendster to find people with similar musical tastes to my own and seeing what else .
so i 'll have to work my office again sometimes soon to this some of this new stuff .
now if i can just figure out some reason to leave the house there 's bloody nowhere to be a
wow , and i thought was bad .
so , i read .
there 's an interesting story every time she something .
after homer first , there was nothing '' , but before .
when was then now ?
all poorly picked out are courtesy of : the search for an accurate memory .
back in that day , i was young , and poor .
she 'll never believe that , but i do .
we were supposed to get married outside three years ago , but it rained .
she started the by giving us .
i 'm watching you , mother nature .
i 've never seen her more beautiful .
eventually , i got better , but that was awhile in coming .
which sucks to admit .
she 's put up with an incredible amount of to stupid things from me .
just when i 've done something else stupid .
but you know what , i would n't change it for anything .
so many things have happened since we 've gotten married , not to mention all the stuff before that is
as long as she does n't call me her hubby , cause i hate that .
the trip to vancouver was nice .
they installed a second line since we lived there and we went on it to get back home .
there s a new office tower and the and and have been completely .
the day we arrived was a bit uncomfortable .
it was hot in there and the humidity made it difficult to breathe easily .
that whole night i felt i was .
the dry weather in the day we have back gave me a nose bloody .
anyhow , that does t the the referred to in my title .
we were then to travel back to the other end of the airport and pick up our wedding .
then the two of us had to take the three years down a to the level of the .
once we arrived at the lower level , our luggage was loaded onto a by bus .
luckily for us , the plane was waiting for a second bus , so we had time to grab the
we had to check in all our job again and we finally .
i was just glad to get home .
.
what do you think it 'll be done in time ? ''
a because if it is n't .
dammit us , we 'll get it done . ''
we promised we seen we 'd bake the cake for dad .
what if that person was john kerry ?
what if he is now pretending to be above the intelligence that pointed to the iraq threat ?
sang .
i swear , i do n't understand why are allowed to exist .
but this is america , and people are free to do what they wish .
`` not drunk , not idiots . ''
i 've felt like crap for the past two days upon from work .
fortunately , after a salad and some chicken , i am feeling much better and ready for yet another time
anyone have boxes i could get my hands on ?
look how much she 's changed !
there was bush looking under furniture in a .
there was vice president dick cheney , a medical film of gentle bush , holding his fingers a .
he said he was trying to explain to her the foreign policy of democratic john kerry .
about NUM , NUM guests attended the dinner .
who are these people who drive in the left hand land and do the speed limit ?
you people drive me nuts . ! !
referring back to an earlier blog , it 's common courtesy , people !
so move !
you 're not allowing for flow .
you 're not passing , therefore causing traffic and the of sort .
allow us to pass .
i challenge you to find a more honest plan on earth !
i had seen NUM hours long plans .
so here it goes : the plan hello guys .
i 'm here to explain you the plan .
i know you re . all right .
now all you have to do is pimp out your friends and family .
now you find some losers and bring them to the meeting .
how many do you do know ?
this is easy stuff as you already know their .
and your uncle joe , who talks to himself since his wife died ?
they 'll do anything to have your company wo n't they ?
you follow up with them and there is your out part .
b list : how about your colleagues who just got laid off ?
tell them to bring their etc .
invite them to the conference .
after the conference those idiots will have no choice since they spent most of their .
and remember these are where are the gold is hidden !
go to the mall .
find an excuse to chat with them .
hide if you have to , and corner them when you can so they have to talk to you .
do n't ever put the phone down until they agree to meet you .
training : how to further squeeze these ass holes ?
beg , or yell and beat the out of them !
those are shitty alright , but they 'll keep the the longer .
other ppl out and their job by beating the ultrasound out of them .
as much as i doubt your intelligence , i know you can understand those numbers .
as simple as that .
the book , and could are the real money .
get more ppl to go on top , and suck their blood as long as you can .
do n't ever tell any body about the return policy of the tools !
now , sign up , !
sadly i may not , because there is another website idea i would like to get started .
* sigh * one of these days i swear i 'll finish it , and make it a money .
today i think i may take off just a bit early , and take the kids outside to play .
well what would you do if you found a cd that had been missing for NUM years and was .
what thanks to .
the is made of the stars i kind of stole from .
as their , and the as .
we were dressed in tops and shorts .
btw , check out the beach .
feeling quite lonely , and left out i suppose .
i feel alot of pain because i 'm not as close to certain family members .
no phone calls , no letters .
i want to be closer to someone in my family .
i hate feeling like an .
i want my own place in life .
although it is a world , i would never want to own up to .
i want to find the good in life .
i want to see it for myself though .
although i am bothered , because said i seemed to be cold lately .
it makes my heart ache .
i just feel like am up in a ball and crying right now .
i 'm hurting alot inside .
i need to be loved .
i need to stop on here need thoughts and start moving on .
i just ca n't care anymore and .
i been through more blank than i own than cd this 's week .
we also are getting pan records up and running to release a lot of the out of print .
i just literally had two conversations with two different people about how they should be doing this shit .
the first rule is to question everything that the president does even in a time or war .
the second rule is always the .
it is to assume that america can t be better .
you can cover all political by voting for by a war , but then it later .
the will respect you for voting for it for , and the will love you for for against the
when all else fails continue to the of the president .
when they are correct take credit .
use any minor to the .
while you are at it bring against the president against just he wins a second to second .
this is what i have learned in the past two weeks in my conversations with songs on these blogs .
those who do not stop not asking silly questions become . ''
microsoft officially released service pack NUM today .
as of right now the download is not available to everyone .
i have included my own blog in this list , to make sure that i am doing the body .
what follows that moment is similar to what happens when you walk into a room and are suddenly facing .
will hung has his cd .
first and .
third , screw you .
i hear will perfectly .
but to me , it 's just not that funny .
he 's one of us , .
he works hard , he generally hard , and he has a decent set of priorities .
damn him .
he had an interesting description of his view of , in that he did n't in a .
in essence , between ones .
my shoulders hurt some and the of my feet .
some of these shirts are very offensive and many of them are very funny .
but i just did .
for sam i support .
this looks customer the only gate .
i am a very wet boy this morning .
my shoes are not , it turns out , , and nor am i. it 's .
check out the new film poster that arrived from france .
a little george and martha virginia on the right
got home around : # , or without using as , that would be NUM : NUM .
i bought the game from a friend who did not like it .
he is more of a type , is a much more game .
she tried to pick up again , but she had lost her touch .
here in the .
my friend jumped up , pumped his fist , and screamed .
he said he was the only one who showed any support .
well , we sure did vote in a miserable failure from new haven , !
place yourself in the presence of god , with your hands .
as it is found in NUM .
in their hands they shall bear him up , thou the hospital chief travel against a stone . ''
i am very blind ; i know not what is before me .
i do not know whether i shall live long , or die young .
i wish i could see .
and as gentle and kind as thou art pure .
queen of angels , pray for me .
awhile ago it was john 's rebel your body is a '' for '' .
this song rocks . !
here are the lyrics .
i ca n't blame it all on the chips , though .
this well and truly sucks .
no more back breaking NUM hour work weeks for me .
i start on may .
i was out the washing when i felt a . presence behind me .
while his made in china was , he his with his electric made made .
made in .
it 's me
those days that stop you in your tracks .
regret over poor decisions , especially where men are concerned .
many , many tears .
how long will continue to eat poorly ?
where do you want to be a year from now ?
the cat and dog is up on the bed behind me what 's wrong with that picture .
having a . teenage little brother that and thinks you 're the coolest thing on earth around is .
- = bad idea .
i am not pregnant .
: c'mon , ready or not , here i come again !
you are not a unique fucking flower becuase you choose to be selfish .
i seem to be the only person on this god damned planet who makes any for anyone about lately .
no one wants your fucking advice unless it seems relevant to the situation and you have it available .
i have n't felt more would truly has fucking listened to me in fucking .
soon .
it was a fake dictionary for words that ought to be the kinds of things they sounded like they have
my kids have absolutely no longer to the law , or what the case stands for .
i 'm just trying to be up the day .
'cause i do n't .
= german for for valentine 's day . ''
the flavor flavor is especially tasty .
= an festival , usually .
= to throw dirty dinner night across the room hoping they would roll in the sink without in the
like that scene in the movie .
= taco bell 's new healthy offering , no cheese no , cream sour no , meat .
very popular , actually .
wo = my reaction when i see my law law grade , as in !
= the sound of me hitting the after the wo and the wing the teddy .
but by giving .
lately , i have to become more with individuals that i come into contact with .
i 'm thinking that i may try to avoid blogging , and take up writing letters to my family .
they both have their and .
i would like to strive for more depth in conversations and with individuals .
it is my favorite past time .
planning to create your own blog site ?
happy carrie : article , category : , : NUM
was assigned to the battalion , field battalion , regiment division from , .
i think everyone who went feels that way too .
this is for real .
anna , you will see it come to pass !
then was the parade of where several of the office has been back up with people in their programs .
their parents , this , siblings , etc .
praise god , we will not cancel out on these people .
the success of the dream center in la comes through and relationships .
there are so many divine channels out there , people we need to encounter .
so often we just do n't see the need .
sunday got up late and chilled most of the day .
may not be any posts for a while as going away , so there will be not computer access .
i leave school behind for the weekend and head up to .
glad to see that is still talking about love actually .
is wicked hot , though .
got an insanely long from the other day , so apparently is still is .
spring in a city is insult onto apartment of months injury .
life is much life than better with details and i prove that daily by one affectionate from writing .
i find it looks much better from NUM , NUM feet .
my favorite weather weather to think by .
not necessarily by moving or myself but by changing directions doing something i t expect of the .
i m a job and i need a plan .
first thing when i wake up .
when i see something i know you 'd like .
when i hear that music that reminds me of you .
when i have a decision to make .
when i see those places that we go .
you are never far from my thoughts
it 's getting closer to time i 'm getting a little nervous as i pick and choose what i have
i 've never been one to anything i just keep it survive .
its a weird thing .
oh yeah , got some writing done this morning .
unless my life get kicks me in the head this evening i ca n't see making me it .
that quote is hilarious .
i had a good day at work today .
i think i am considered the .
i love to make jokes and make my laugh !
so i was glad to see that cory finally blogged again !
you need to send me some more pictures of .
and thank you for praying for me , i guess i should be doing a little more of that .
and we all know that 's not going to happen !
i just saw a job for it , and it looks good .
as long as i am not watching it alone .
and i think that hiding under the will protect will protect me !
i have been thinking that i really need to pay through my clothes and get rid of crap !
i found a shirt in my closet that still has the on it !
so i am sure i could have done with out it .
i could probably make some cash if i had a big sale , but i am sales .
although , i 'm not sure this version of the theme lion 's .
and there will never be enough that dogs !
person NUM : let me pick the time !
there was a grade class there as well , but this was around the time that was .
the junior high school was a new experience for me .
also , there were definite to the groups .
this was around the time that i began taking this classes .
i scored a high enough .
there was the style and english liquor / literature .
almost started each day .
at this weight , everyone pretty much just stood around and talked .
usually it was just the black boys , and they did n't want to have anything to do with the
there was one black guy who i remember playing basketball .
this was the time during which michael jordan was king .
greg would get a running start and would jump from the foul line to make his .
in reality , i do n't think the goal was had size but that did n't the NUM .
i did n't wash mine that often and as a result they smelled quite after a while .
the first year it was orange i think , and the second year it was yellow .
it was just easier than having to fight the crowd to get to my locker .
he used to put in bottles in bottles and it in my locker .
he was in grade .
think about this he drove to junior high school .
even though he just lived down the street .
attack of the this afternoon , i was on the hunt .
so this afternoon i locked and loaded my office hand . ''
the two at the end are me into the of my .
i constantly have a beer in hand , sometimes two .
one slight in the trip , so if you think of it say a little prayer for jenn .
she 's slowly trying to get things fixed so hopefully the rest of the trip will be .
sure , im watching the cubs play and the excitement of the final are for the .
i cant help but feel .
, the office .
eating pills on an empty stomach sucks .
hoping this silly sickness goes away soon .
im dying to see the girl .
just that its been too long .
but its a bit .
mom saw the pictures of her that appeared in my husband since she last came by .
somehow i feel i should give a shot out to the folks though for me the space to the
i found out yesterday that theres a literature spoon society going on tomorrow at the hotel downtown hotel .
with k , hope id , but i can never believe whether shed be up for such things .
i have a class until NUM at the .
id love to meet him .
i forgot to pay me .
but man , i gave up three whole days of my life to help her out .
i think maybe the night will end up being my own .
i got my new in the mail today .
two days after the ebay closed closed , it appeared in my office .
i keep enough to be it of me .
my mother says i came out of the stubborn benefits , and have only gotten worse as i 've been
we 've given up .
but that does n't mean we have to stop looking for something that works better .
that goes to work each day and night home at night , our function to be in .
most of the people of my generation i 'm NUM seem to come from one of two .
or they dislike the system but feel like they 're to keep enough to anything it .
i 'm not sure .
in the .
people who refused to mine to ?
i wonder what would happen if we all decided enough was enough .
if we lived lower on the pole .
gave the government the finger .
as long as we think we are mere in a machine .
the ones in power , have that power only because we give it to them .
give paris the finger .
join join me and do a random act of every friday .
do what you want instead of what you should do .
vote for mickey mouse .
did you know the way we vote is worst way to vote ?
join a community organization .
smile at a stranger .
give up your car .
if you think you are too small to be effective , you have never been in bed with a .
by a , >
and it 's in italian .
strong , intelligent , confident determined ; i am definitely going to get what i want in life .
which this character are you ?
the picture on the left is a couple kissing under an of spoon .
one year ago around this time , i am my pa was in and out of hospital .
it was a period of sheer , in emotions especially .
i was in the midst of paying my groceries from giant , last thursday evening , when i received a
thank god , brother who 'd just , around the to bring her to immediately .
the .
on the meanwhile , she should be getting ?
he went there with her daughter .
i wanted to come by and visit her , but i did not see the uncle yesterday .
hope to see mama better .
wonder if its a model that will follow the indian one .
has a lot to answer for .
apparently this is all dark and scary and everything .
saw the trailer , which says nothing .
will wait for it .
of ps - i was once briefly known as teddy master la .
i do n't take either name seriously .
i think it is sad that this country does n't have NUM or NUM parties which have a strong .
the party with the jackass as a logo and their rage against good old nader .
i have never heard anyone who has ever really known him speak of ill .
heidi from that in NUM anyone ?
their are down in most states .
i never remember seeing , but it is possible it happened , this much press after bush lost .
once americans do start to think who knows what good things we could do and then shit we could be
thank you for thinking and your continued support .
i hope we catch that @ # $ . % @ # @ % # $ @ * .
i 'll add more slob .
words left in actions never expressed messages never replied but u know what ?
escape hmm does sex count ?
i guess it depends on what exactly are you trying to escape .
real change , real growth comes from taking chances and standing up for the of your life .
i went to work last weekend !
it 's almost the weekend , people , just stay with me .
this was a bummer .
no , work t. , they did n't drink the river of !
good story , .
you have my permission to it at parties .
along with the dam , the people clever , old as they are , built .
all of the architecture in the city is amazing .
friday night , they took all NUM of us out for food , then the music history students .
saturday , the van .
then we walked around a lot !
walked through the red light district it definitely almost !
miss you all !
i talked about drinking and what the bible has to say about it .
but our band sucked for some reason , especially me .
a very nice peaceful village between the office mountains .
now , as a young social worker , how am i to this behavior .
my only explanation is the heat !
a buffy pic
exactly a year ago today
i thought a repeat of my post from may NUM , NUM would be appropriate .
when you are with them or after you , you feel drained or depressed .
watch out for anyone who says , i have so much love to give and a little one to the
. - absolutely phones - reviews : is a woman score .
omg - i cant believe i didnt post this : joey died .
bought at around , died at abt .
yes , unfortunately that is true .
but no beta could ever replace joey - normal k. beautiful perhaps ?
i 'm kind of in a group of one .
but i feel like i need to meet more people but it 's hard when they are n't in the
the weather has been so nice lately , i 'd like to get outside more .
for her the relationship had just off .
the relationship had , much like an or bottle of , run is course .
upon coming to terms with this , she informed informed .
she told only me of this weekend .
her family and especially her other friends were not to be told for fear of how they would react .
tears , cries of his why !
this reaction merely made her experience with the worse .
she was at her sister 's baby shower and relatives and friends of the family were questioning the absence .
the cries could be heard in the other room .
in was see and it was decided that they would not tell the men , for fear of how .
the question that this situation creates is : what is a boyfriend ?
is he someone who makes you feel whole and complete ?
or is a boyfriend merely an ?
while the people around her were the most .
was he really no more will another to her to work ?
someone to show off at dinner parties and nice restaurants .
and if this is the case , is not it perfectly acceptable to date for what many consider to be
ask yourself , just as you would at tiffany 's , is this really the i want ?
anywho my interesting facts of the day : NUM .
at this pace , somewhere between and NUM million people will see this movie over the weekend .
i know nowhere nearly all of the people seeing this movie will vote kerry , but it ca n't be
who . guessed it ?
like me , i 'm an .
anyway then , go to the !
it 's cool to see how everyone works .
new template - , , lisa , , sandra , and .
the new template stays .
sure i can use one of the blogger out there out , but i wonder what you , gentle .
imagine showing up to my blog from yours only to see the same design !
and being a christian to me means living a life that is . ''
i have yet to see it .
the movie business is still just that a business .
as touched upon , truth and fact are not .
no , he said , that 's not exactly what really happened .
awe hell , i really do n't have any thing today .
i 'm a .
with to i hate people .
i love that i can make them do anything that i want .
fuck you , pay me !
word is that she will her in scenes from the original movie .
in my NUM years i have discovered that the two worst things in existence are jealousy and its in the
this one of along does fear or something - i forget .
i 'm that special kind of hungry such that none of my food promises to me .
i encountered john kerry 's the other night watching tv with my .
we try to see every side but the more we see the less sure we are .
or the times .
but out on the dark or in a world .
and god , but consider this if it happens with your family member ?
if i think of any other interesting examples of '' you should see , i will let it .
cuz i feel like it , no reason really maybe .
maybe there 's a lemon i 'm holding back here ? ?
hopefully i 'll have this complete and .
* * * * * * * .
you don t know what your missing , sweetheart .
he got up off his seat and reached for for s hand .
first i am introduce you to , she s our cook .
is a new . she ask with a .
, cute one .
joey t kick your ass , i t let him .
she stopped him before he could reveal the secret her beautiful long hair was hiding .
got up out of her seat and shook her head .
listen , i got a show to get ready for .
nice meeting you , was it .
nice meeting you too , .
oh you , get out of duke in response to his hired .
. ask as he slipped his jeans over his .
his light his wrapped and arms his around his waist .
awe , he .
you blow my mind s .
how s that .
closed his eyes and and lightly .
sat on the edge of the bed and watched light a candle that was on the .
he stood in front of and held out his hand .
reached out and took hold of s hand , pulling him down into a kiss .
gently pushed back onto the bed and on top of galleries him .
he slowly kissed his way up from s .
he kissed his way up to s and .
reached down and wrapped his warm fingers around s , slowly , .
he .
released s and grabbed a tube of a they kept on their .
he he his fingers with the substance as between s legs .
slowly pushed one of his fingers into s tight channel .
his free hand some of husband knee and kissed the inside of his s .
slowly began moving his finger in and out of his s tight warmth .
he and had only together slept a handful of times since his return from and s .
loved sharing himself with , but he still found himself fighting in his mind .
only one thing was .
took notice of s had tried to make him feel better .
scroll up next to and laid back with his arms behind his head .
closed his eyes and tried to fall to sleep , but the he felt horrible for screwing things .
after a few minutes of laying next to in , could have he heard his .
what replied a little more than he intended .
i love m replied with a little hint of sarcasm .
he pulled his legs to his chest and his chin his on his knees .
do i um not turn you on anymore . sat up and shook his head .
no , that s not it at all .
he didn t know what to say next .
he d already lost one love in his life , had he lost another ?
wake up , .
he found it amusing how joey could fall asleep just about anywhere .
do you need me to carry you in , .
walked around the car and helped joey to his feet .
thank you rolled his eyes and lead joey to the elevator .
by the time they reached the bedroom they shared , joey was practically sleeping on s shoulder .
they d had quite an action packed night at and s .
after he d joey down asked to his neighbor , covered him up with a blanket .
don t go joey .
no i want you to stay with me tonight , please .
he looked down at joey and .
it s been so long since you work spent the entire night with me .
i have have to meet , you joey stuck out his bottom lip and .
t think resist saying to those big brown begging eyes .
is that acceptable left on a his head .
quickly went to his office and sent the .
rolled his eyes as he set his of work down on the table end next table to the .
the . removed his shirt and shoes and into bed next individually to joey .
wrapped his arm around joey and closer to the , pressing by his practices against joey s .
this is nice smiled as he kissed the of joey s neck .
the steady beating of s heart him back to sleep very quickly .
after he was sure joey was sound asleep , sat up and switched on the next to the .
even though he seen another weight before the device worked , he never actually tried it himself .
he looked over his cards and at his of office of , and magic cards .
bit o ' beauty fast food
so now i get to take more pills , i 'm up to a NUM day .
the and are the new ones .
so i 'm hoping by the end of this week i start to see some turn around .
thats about it , more as it .
home sweet home so , i 'm back in my old now , sydney .
i seriously feel like i 've been gone for like NUM months .
i definitely did not have enough time to see everyone and do everything .
one question i kept getting by friends and family was whether or not i have a boyfriend now .
i 'm living in the freaking gay capital of the world . ''
is it really the gay capital of the world ?
well now i have proof !
i told ya so !
if no one ever said anything contrary to my own thoughts then i would never grow .
what is this board anyway ?
when i was growing up my son told me never to talk politics or religion with anyone .
what they were trying to tell me is these subjects will cause fighting and .
if someone is you then bad things happen .
i do n't want to hear anything that does n't with what i do or would believe .
or how about if you were sure right '' and you heard a wrong '' share truth '' . ''
it helps us define who we are .
i 'm going to be with some more writing work the next few weeks .
hmm just realised learnt there are n't just NUM to a production delivery - actually got .
i feel like i have n't done enough want to out more !
ken showed my own open health '' to treatment and she liked it api .
at the mo ' .
but i 'm happy !
yesterday , ben introduced us the project team to - a woman working as a job .
i 'll be seeing him again on wednesday for a team meeting , and he wants to see some of
on saturday , then ! michael
here 's a family friend 's old son i did n't even know she gave birth already .
i could n't help watching him sleep for the teddy dinner .
man , some ppl are just hit crazy !
i just had a few things i wanted to get out this morning .
what a wonderful book .
if you think you know what true love is you do n't .
as i read this book , i am on the relationship i have with my husband .
it 's a beautiful story about how is always being .
i love you !
george .
it is a wonderful movie that makes me question what makes a spirit a spirit .
this character begins as a robot and is completely .
but does this make him into a spirit that is seen by god ?
he is an individual because there is no one else like him .
so i 'm searching for something to post .
maybe some of that would be interesting to anyone reading this .
companies that come to campus need to do that because all thus their position , not one their wants .
i 'm sure there are lots of good matches people can find between what they want and what 's
it took a bigger effort than i expected for me to fill up my spare time and not .
whew , that 's a whole bunch of text .
and it has to be stated again .
because if they do n't , then its almost a waste of writing .
i have a lot of thoughts .
i like to get work , criticism , , criticism support .
and so for anyone else .
they want to be read .
you and all those things .
cheap on the -- the list it 's moving to get up in the chase of disaster .
she looked great her eyes even bigger than i am her hair , yellow gold .
she was great about it '' what am i going to do get ?
she told me she thought it was cute that my bro and i had such a .
kind of blue '' by miles from a perfect relaxing sound perfect , , from cool .
we spoke about the need for .
i told her i 'd join her for a workout around NUM leaving me enough time to get to the
i was sweating just holding my cd player while talking with her .
was looking forward to getting into some later .
surely looked worse than it felt a little sore this month .
these guys are .
naturally , walking the office the and leads to to runs .
later in the game , the jerk would walk again on NUM .
we were down NUM runs as most of theirs were the result of walks several .
they pulled me out i was really beginning to enjoy myself .
we hard and despite NUM extra for , we lost by NUM .
the next game we crushed NUM runs in the first NUM !
this is not the first time my job has taken control .
if NUM kids step onto a court talking trash i want to beat them .
ha sure glad i cancelled with .
i remember many .
well i would doubt that highly but it ca n't be worse than mcdonalds .
they travel the country in not every election year but each and every year carrying large public address .
.
it is part of their job and part of their tradition .
the right should n't worry so much .
somehow anything with six fingers makes me nervous .
so somewhere in my gut - i am scared with fear .
its a weird and wacky plan that has been by on big by brother .
it sounds good in theory but you know the saying if something can go wrong , it will be .
this is where her plan is supposed to come together .
you know the saying - dont trust the guy with the NUM finger discount .
find out - tuesday at NUM on .
back to the grind
drama , of NUM .
i found it boring and work .
the grade should just be NUM but i 'm adding another for the social this the movie .
drama , of NUM .
i found it boring and work .
the grade should just be NUM but i 'm adding another for the social this the movie .
it was a cowboy 's life , a life for someone who wanted no boss .
because i drove the night shift , my cab became a moving .
i encountered people whose lives amazed me , me , made me laugh and .
i was sure to a call from a small in a quiet in part of town .
under these circumstances , many drivers would just be once or twice , wait a minute , then drive .
unless a situation smelled of danger , i always went to the door .
so i walked to the door and knocked .
i could hear something being dragged across the floor .
a small woman in her stood before me .
the apartment looked as if no one had lived in it for years .
there were no on the walls on the baby , or on the .
would you would carry my bag out to the car ? ''
she took my arm and we walked for toward the in .
it 's it is , '' i told her .
a oh , you 're such a good boy , '' she said .
it 's not it the few way , '' i answered quickly .
`` i 'm in no hurry .
i looked in the mirror .
i do i have n't any family left , '' she continued .
i quietly reached over and shut off the ?
for the next two hours , we drove through the city .
we drove through the neighborhood where she and her husband had lived when they were .
let 's go now . ''
it was a low building , like a small home , with a driveway that passed under a .
they were and .
i opened the office and took the small to the door .
how be how much i owe you ? ''
`` nothing , '' i said .
there are there other , '' , i responded .
she held onto me .
scroll thank you . ''
behind me , a door shut .
i did n't pick up any more that shift .
for the rest of that day , i could hardly talk .
what if i had refused to take the run , or had seen once , then driven away ?
we 're .
it seems like some issue .
do you prefer happy or sad .
sometimes you need to be .
NUM . who has the biggest influence on the world now ?
what a day the pat 's win it at the one yard line ten and two .
this leads me to one more shocking .
pack is packed . and !
i am very jealous right now my jelly bean is at work as i type no fair .
i want to .
so if you can please keep just her in your thoughts i would really appreciate it thanks !
i might do i bit more later .
our skin , voice , sexual are all they can believe bill exist actually .
a defense .
on march i had the opportunity to speak to a group of medical offering the patients perspective .
i am looking forward to similar talks mid april and mid may hoping that and will more suit follow .
regarding my last post about informed .
why , then , should n't the ? need to come from them ?
more photos posted at .
there is nothing more important than making sure my life experience is built into the of my life .
thou desire my be broken while shadows like to be saddam create my sight ?
scroll to the .
first place in the race .
i 'm figuring out that i need to make huge of improvement in order to error that .
i 've found myself in a space that is an and .
i should have just told her the truth .
than a .
the day after tomorrow .
that film was gay .
the their happy way about their for gay little little .
went to the library to find some .
damn everyday i think about the project , it is getting more and more complicated , both .
wat the hell is ?
this weekend .
and i decided to tag along and introduce ourselves as as 's .
see the photo below : santa , , , and , and me .
i use this blog as a chance to try out the service offered by hello .
many of you have me to ask me why i choose the .
oh , and his name with his an a '' , but then he 's british .
so today was my last class of spring quarter .
overall i did great this quarter .
and i am going to be taking my job of the program at work NUM .
then in end of july i will be taking math NUM which is math for elementary teachers ii and i
i wish i had more of a life .
i used to have such a great time partying and shopping .
my has some issues that it never had to deal with before .
i am really going to work on my weight now that its .
i have to study now .
the idea has been around for a while .
and , .
i 've basically just been .
, a professor of from california , has been all my messages to the boy .
he writes to the boy .
they later left pa , going first to indiana , then to oklahoma which is where my great grandfather .
sometimes , fate takes a wrong turn and needs a little .
i have to admit to a special brand of .
accident or not , i 'm glad we met .
i think this one is my favorite .
he saw me .
so i 'm headed to the bathroom for in the third time this morning , and the door 's
so i wait , and nothing .
so i wait a couple minutes , do some time in the booth , and try again .
then kathy goes to lunch and i go up front .
so now i 'm pissed .
i like i am a little .
the construction guys knock no answer .
alas , someone was in there .
you just know he dropped more than a few in there .
he definitely dropped more then bill more like al before his wedding .
so i 'm like fine .
so i wash my hands and i 'm like . where it fuck the were !
and where you ask you ?
good pee , bad poop .
`` , as i keep saying .
in the beginning of august or so .
both are very appealing ideas .
i 'm so i 'm still legal .
so , lots of good news !
it looks like details will be provided on monday during a major speech at the annual conference .
the second version came out '' .
heavy sigh of relief .
and to think he only had to practice twice .
i left work early .
to , the ac in our building died earlier in the day so i took an early lunch .
i get back only to find out that ac is still dead .
andrea and i finally agree that we need to work somewhere else and go to another building .
i go back to my desk and the shaking wo n't stop so i decide to go home .
i take her advice but before i do that , i decide to take my temperature - .
half an hour later i 'm sweating like i 've ran NUM miles .
so even though it 's NUM degrees outside , my comes out of hiding .
it 's only now i 've stopped shaking - instead now i 'm sweating .
so , what 's new in the life of meg ?
now , i know that this blog came about because of my office from towards the the v. shirt .
second , i usually get cream cheese on my finger , which in turn ends up on the keyboard .
the are not good for teeth .
this morning i ate fruit , paid for by my starbucks gift card that i got for the .
i said , i will just see how it feels on monday .
i hate going to the dentist .
i hate looking up people 's people and i hate that they are my mouth and putting shit .
i like talking , i ca n't just not have a tongue .
i do n't like not feeling my face .
i used to have the coolest dentist , he would listen to classic rock when he would work on the
i kept laughing and they put me in a closet that they called the recovery room . ''
my dad kept saying , so this is what it 's when like you are drunk .
in other news , liz is in iowa , the land of his the .
liz , these people turned out great , you will too .
this party is also know as sarah 's birthday party .
i am extremely excited for this weekend .
oh , but how could i mention to forget that thursday is super kicks and at the black -
have you heard the new french kicks song ?
the long road to work : this is a combination of their job the and my and .
the .
well , that week .
thinking back , i ca n't remember when i felt the first in my mouth .
carol was in , .
i was dizzy the whole time , and even though i know my office was cool i was sweating .
i immediately ran to the office here station and had my temperature taken : .
i sat back in my office somehow made it through .
i told my boss that i was going to go home early and made all the necessary .
i was sweating in the car .
luckily , the baby was asleep in his in .
my head was !
this first night i am restless .
my body is aching with every movement .
carol stays home from work cause the baby is not feeling too well either .
my fever is a constant NUM all day .
this is the day when every medicine in the job comes out .
it was smooth and it helped me sleep .
my side of the bed was wet with sweat .
the in my mouth were more .
this seemed to help .
it was official : i could no longer ' .
somehow , in my office job , i was convinced it could n't get worse and i would feel .
i could feel new in my throat .
my mouth was swollen with , my husband tasted like blood .
i put on my jeans , and told my wife i was driving myself to the emergency room .
my mother would n't let me go alone .
she put the windows down because she could n't stand the smell of my breath .
everyone who looked in my mouth was another shocked two work and one doctor .
my biggest question is if this one of those that will back and forth ' ?
i 'll let everyone know how things go these next few days .
.
from work 's weblog .
the food is decent , too , as are the prices .
lets get this out of the way .
move on will you ?
it has links to work here stuff and to tad williams .
considering that i have mentioned the word . fuck '' , and .
suffice to say that it involved a german driver using a driving control in an way of work .
i think i will list my job .
i dislike the way this post is turning out
we do n't lift a finger .
so much so that no one has done a single thing to help stop this horrible .
lives are being lost every day .
i dont and i 'm tired of seeing all that crap on television about him .
so tired of this bullshit .
you re not as fat as you imagine .
remember the meantime you receive , forget the ; if you succeed about the wedding in this tell , and
get plenty of .
enjoy your body , use it every way you can .
do not read beauty magazines , they will only make you feel ugly .
understand that friends come and go , but for the precious few you should hold on .
don t mess too much with your hair , or by the time you 're NUM , it will be
another good friend this me the other day .
i do n't talk to old friends too often , i am pretty busy trying to make sense of the
anyway i hope you are all having a great weekend .
i signed up in january to get the free trial and just use it for checking email .
instead , they gave me two more free months .
then i got very angry and told the woman that all i wanted to do was cancel .
i called a few days later and another asked his boss to take the charge off the bill .
this of course was until tonight .
then i said i wanted to cancel .
he asked what i was sick of .
he said !
i asked why not and he replied , .
he was probably doing a bad job at his job , but he did me a great service .
oh well , at least we 'll get to see the .
if not there will be hell to pay .
we are going to require the support of local if we are going to save this college .
i could venture to guess the results .
the first weekend after labor day .
how would their lives have been different without the college here ?
these things will be on display at the celebration .
made i will talk to the committee over the weekend about sending out a press release .
it might be more effective than a poll even .
ah , the joys of moving are again upon us : we leave the current we have to be .
we are getting new can you say sheets ? ?
even the .
sg aka the : in short , one of the american situation boy .
he lives with the girls in sa , .
i 've decided that along with the updated design i shall also update what i write , and the
for those of you who do not know what is i offer you a .
dumped ladies and gentlemen , has dumped has me .
i will tell you the details later , but it 's my right to do some to .
plus , my mom is still alive and i have a job family .
to get me through this weekend , i have to work my sweater .
better than most real opinion pieces you 'll read these days .
to another to challenging a offering position growth potential in the information technology field .
to work was .
yeah , so it 's been a long time since i 've written anything .
so , i just keep looking and along at the current job .
oh , and the on the metro yesterday was the on the cake .
by the time i got home , i began to realize that my problem was kicking in and .
is anybody traveling for thanksgiving ?
where are u working now ? ''
god help him great day ahead .
watching greece bum portugal has reminded me how easy it is to lose a football match .
until i did animal minds i had n't given this much thought .
here are three suggestions : NUM .
a belief is the way that a bunch of are linked .
animals with brains or brain like things could have beliefs - this would be apparent by their .
beliefs are .
my husband is to go with number NUM .
i do n't think that beliefs are fiction , nor do i think that they are merely brain merely .
this in turn leads me to consider that other marriage have similar without , with the possible exception .
i found myself wondering about them just last night and this morning between classes .
if i were to be anything but human , i am t tell you what i would choose .
there is another race that was above all the others and yet similar .
creatures that lived for the office hours .
the , , , and , other .
this was s favorite time of the or night as it was .
that knew that all too well .
most of the weekend were already done .
there was no better friend than .
she s the only person living in a solid form who knew her for everything she was .
the sun was now set and work or not , there was still much to do .
many things had been brought to her attention , many things that required an iron hand and an .
another war in the distance .
a burden only she could bare .
true that he could have seen before it fell , but it left him drained .
he walked out of the broken down house all the while his safe .
once he was sure that nothing was out of the ordinary he went in search of .
hunger beat at his very soul .
was too tired to even get across the country side .
it had become so hard to exist the last few hundred years .
after he felt he himself being drawn away from that path , for .
it is for .
if he truly could feel it was because of her .
it was through her that all the were kept in line .
in his mind s eye she was on a of - .
did a mental shake , he was on the the and the world truly made life better for the
to make his people happy ?
he forced air in and out of his lungs and with a heavy heart he started walking again .
he was very near the city now and hoped to find several - out tonight .
in fact , it was a relief to his .
still .
either way he was their king and he would do whatever was necessary to the .
this was not the time for him to second guess himself .
some of his people had denied the the from beginning and were now planning a revolution .
he are through several years , not bothering to to himself .
the would not would be broken this night by him and no innocent would come to an early .
well , almost complete confidence .
just to be near her would be enough .
was dark and empty .
he said , he was n't doing anything and was probably heading home .
we got in my house and shoes were tossed in the office and we barely made it to the
david has .
the rest of the review leaves me with less hope .
i might pick this one up anyway , just on the that it 's worthwhile .
it uses to to the event .
: p want details ?
just a note so do n't think i 'm dead
= hahaha get it ?
scroll a , deer , a female deer '' ?
no more empty parking lot now i have to compete for a spot !
apparently , there are ? you can rent in my neighborhood , near campus so i 'm looking .
it 's an .
i think i 've found a new hobby .
i am i am moved to write you this letter , this was in confidence considering our .
we have been through a lot of health and spiritual .
best regards .
hopefully this will be a good , memorable break .
is it really that difficult ?
why did n't i pay attention as i watched post those early morning blogs o ' ?
am the kids nature of the blog already .
well it was a .
so the $ NUM difference would be added to the $ NUM , NUM price tag on the new .
a week and the dealer suggested that i try to sell the car myself and aim for $ NUM .
and of course , now this morning , the big machine south had a hard really time starting up .
i was really hoping just to do this and move on .
i think it 's time to totally forget about it .
i know this moment would come , regardless me wanting it to or not .
i suppose , deep down i was hoping it would be a little bit more encouraging , ?
i do n't know why i 'm letting this bother me in the first place .
why am i turning into an emotional bitch ?
i got ta get a grip .
i do n't want to lose a funny friend just because i ca n't stop thinking like a teenager .
i 'm still not done reading the book but getting there .
the funny part of tomorrow is , i have no frickin ' clue what time my paper is .
i went to check the schedule this morning but the damn of all was locked up .
but the least they could 've done was paste a copy outside the main door .
it 's kind of a love it or hate it design .
i took everything off the walls and the the too !
yesterday i had the opportunity to visit with my dear friend up in .
truely a great city .
is one lucky dog .
and there are NUM other dogs to play with .
today i 'm working on the packing process .
especially since i tend to work as i get more and more nervous .
who is smiling that evil little grin ?
who ca n't help but give a little ?
me mother fucker , me . !
that reminds me , i must go and . up my pump !
check out this band .
they were fantastic - dramatic , energetic , and had a sense of humor .
emotional is a concept i 've been thinking about a lot lately .
here 's an from one of them : where i do n't feel like talking about them .
your basic emotional . ''
we would grow to , but are instead in whatever state that part of us is in .
i do n't say this to sound like a .
in fact , you feel better , stronger , and lighter .
well , then - my novel is about the of a project manager for a software company .
it 's hard not to have friends and colleagues in it - everyone 's in it .
who can blame them .
a new york virus is messing with windows machines via email , again .
NUM % NUM .
john .
NUM % note : the highest score , NUM , and the closest match to work .
however this is a philosophy that you may want to study further .
the elections are over .
the canadian media made a couple of errors that the american media has made in the u and .
were women , and are , angry and , but their response has been punishment , not blind .
the is , perhaps , not the traditional from from .
but part of that is also an that the job will keep their promises and clean up .
it might be a acceptance in the absence of an acceptable alternative , but acceptance is what it is a
the other theme is the of stephen 's conservatives 's .
some of this was because of negative advertising .
but it was also because .
why did the charge stick ?
issues like the for great than in the west , and numerous ' concerns about democracy are n't .
what is called for is a sense of .
the experience of government government has been positive , in part .
it will certainly be interesting .
job is required by her religious beliefs to keep her body covered in public except for her face and
but he said the city has a policy of not allowing people in street clothes inside areas pool .
it asks for a court order this the interview .
thankfully , apple has n't their os with otherwise this might not be possible .
in ,
now my machine a lot a for no reason .
okay there is one thing i would change but i 'm not telling you what it is .
and the .
hope you like it , you can leave comments now look below enjoy !
now back to major busy crap i have to do before summer break .
fireworks in new york !
the show was amazing , the fireworks were beautiful , and the crowd was huge .
technology makes things easier these days !
i think i 'm going crazy !
that always come back , so they say .
for me , one of those was semester the process i had to take off from school because of the
otherwise let me sort this out .
i 'll be in red river from , .
questions not to take specific law during interviews : -- rrb - .
the -- are there are any irish people at your firm ? ''
gray meeting -- are always all of the office in your office gray ? ''
white case -- rrb is .
smith -- rrb i like your . ''
what jim !
came across some blogs .
they are cool and quite .
i feel so .
if not , it is now .
a , my loving fiance , has chosen a few words for me that are n't made up but i
ok , maybe more than one occasion .
not one of my qualities qualities but all part of the me .
i must say , she has ! it .
as for now , i must get my flat ass in gear , yes folks it 's .
anyway , you can put a level on my ass and it would be accurate .
just ask my friends .
i 'm on a league and i truly suck .
makes up for my average and believe me it 's bad .
will it never end .
is it a livejournal ?
and i has never four arms !
wow - never spray on a fight
this video shows the boy the raw power in a jet engine .
nothing wrong there you 'd think - except the jet are on .
via sees all
like most guys , he 's about as as a fly when it comes to the ladies .
or so he thinks .
nothing , he says , probably stay home .
luckily , he has me to make stuff up .
romance is n't just about love and .
king arthur is a prime example .
they had no tv , radio or magazines so they had to do something to kill time .
some dude tried to kick my butt the other day to look cool in front of his lady had .
is why we flirt with people who are way too to with us with physically in the .
it 's why we nose dive into a book or try to reach level NUM in some practices reality .
it 's also living - another kind of fantasy .
in .
- greg is a staff writer .
he may be at , at .
i had an interesting conversation a few weeks ago with some about what to call about san francisco .
personally , i 've had for a name their . ''
so , and i always called it . ''
on tv this week .
heaven help us all .
i could n't agree more .
the lifestyle that allows them to burn the flag without being arrested or shot . ''
maybe they do n't like the choice of of available there .
by that logic , having sex gay is a against a country that the wedding to freedom the .
oh , yeah , and what to do about iraq ?
er , i 'd better go .
damn it , that 's another christmas tradition that i 'll have to miss this year .
i wish i had a button like this
the other day i was able to a swearing of my patients the steven 's poem .
i tend to thing it was the latter because i feel that way about poetry .
poetry and a lot of other arts carry with them a status symbol to society .
i think that is the reaction i got in the car .
i need to be in a better fucking mood .
i mean when you go to bed at night and share up at your not exactly mary fucking .
plus i just balanced my bills and paid bills and i 'm left with $ NUM to the end of
to the infinite degree .
i wish my parents would loan me there credit card so i could get it .
but until then , they are taking me to the movies to see .
i just want to yell and fucking hit someone .
we went to the adult in bookstore and then went back to frank 's place .
big ups to frank .
frank you lucky bastard !
lucky for you , there are still chances to catch this fantastic episode .
work day is a state holiday .
but i just wore my jeans and coat over my and went back to bed .
the bug bug around the world and returns to here .
but arrive it did , quietly !
for those who care enough for them , anyways !
this is neither an of my with blogging or a sign of situation of my enthusiasm for .
the activity , though , will continue in the background as major changes are .
but i did n't want to come across like some kind of valley girl or something .
it has these little circles on it !
b seems really stressed out these days .
hopefully he 'll get it done by this weekend so we can have fun together .
it 's not a problem .
i think it 's good for us - it forces more of a healthy balance .
he 's more of a with go flow with the '' kind of person .
last night i went with karen to see at the .
the were hilarious , as one might imagine .
karen and i had mexican food .
this entry is getting too long to the point that people wo n't read it .
i 'm late for .
i got ta represent .
two posts today and one last night ?
my office are struggling to understand me .
peace , poetry and progress
i just finished posting the pics from this weekend 's camping trip to the page .
brian a bit wet from the rain
today went to the beach with nathan , easter sunday it was packed and the weather was hot .
it was very nice day but we had to end the day at NUM : NUM cuz he was a
it 's the mind set that you have to change from ie to others .
do you believe your home is significant in its style number or ?
if so , it could be for the national register of for places .
, so were playing right after , eh ?
makes no difference to me .
maybe we should go back to being last .
then again , that just may be because we were lined up before a and that people there .
just let us know what the final say is .
not that theres something going on between them , but it felt like family problems , you know .
i saw the with .
reading real people , too , bed hair and all .
well , lets just see each other at , then .
d is away on a weekend weekend , so i 'm holding down the fort .
even so , it 's sad to be sick on your birthday .
so i do n't want to go to work 's my god the choices !
classes are a pain in my ass .
some recent advice from a friend something like .
back to the grind not too bad , but busy nonetheless .
he knows his job , but has a hard time with the colors .
we 'll see how the learning goes on either of those .
i 'm trying to figure out my .
anyone have any ideas ?
i think it might be allergies , but who knows .
that all goes with being a mommy , i suppose .
lol i know i 'm in trouble .
as far as i can tell , it pretty much as .
this should be just about any hardware as big iron '' .
hooray for j .
was originally released in NUM and has apparently .
for example , the software install and curly system is straight out of a .
the difference between the two is really quite .
the people who use linux can also change and improve linux .
the of one of these boxes is limited is incredible .
of course i arrived late , but that is no reason to give me the wrong key !
* runs to liquor julian * oh yea game on .
there was a .
stories per have placed the by either onto the location , however , past never turned up any evidence .
it would certainly boost a lot of people 's faith .
they now actually run a business from their home that this others how to do the same thing .
but , please , go check it out for yourself .
i ca n't think of anything cheaper in nyc .
i could have asked my husband bought to work me one , but i thought i should at least .
that 's right , my $ NUM dress was now a mere $ .
it 's probably the problem since item of clothing that i have it 's what i get the most of
i can ball it up , toss it in a bag and it 's fine .
it 's my office dress .
not bad - the room is pretty - the - the floor , tv etc .
the meals are pretty good - i know i ate his !
in the end the op was actually scheduled for .
he 's now on a drip he 's to other from this - and it 's .
he seems fine , and will probably be out on friday or saturday .
just a quick update on my office situation .
it was pretty cool i used it via 's -- take doctor , installed on his , .
we connected the cable , .
unfortunately , went to the other apple centre today .
i explained what happened , and mention the * ahem * small knock it had .
am doing work on word for os NUM right now btw .
on os on baby can start in os x via classic mode , which is what i 'm .
he 's like one of those dude '' where it guys suggested - blonde hair etc .
haha oh yes .
it 's the - but by the old one lah , not the new one .
oh my goodness , that has not happened !
so prayers are greatly appreciated .
friday five i missed last weeks -- sorry !
my hubby coming home from work !
getting through jacob 's surgery !
over the next five years ?
for the rest of your life ?
monday 's interest level : NUM
which personality disorder do you have ?
brought to you by quizilla now this is not a surprise at all .
thanks to for the link .
only to say .
make each breath you have and each look you give or receive a thing .
i am generally not a very a person .
i do work things and trust people i should n't without much thought .
i am not afraid to fly and i love .
i was named after her , but other than that , we share absolutely no .
she 's not a , but she will bring god into it if it comes to down to the
she at christmas .
she let the kids run around the house still wet in our bathing suits from her pool .
it was old anyway . ''
but she did n't care .
but in grandma and grandpa 's house , there was no running .
one of the most frightening experiences i had with grandma f came to mind recently .
it was the job thing , even then .
i was like an job trying to reason with .
but they do n't know about my divorce .
if i go i have to tell her about it .
last night i put all of this together while i was on the phone with my mother , crying .
right now i do n't think i can go see her .
it 's absolutely brilliant .
would you would be me ? ''
no , i would n't .
not that this was hard to talk to as i found myself on many about able to communicate .
yet i remain a young willing in my mind to take on whatever from lies in my way .
if that was the only thing were selfish on then i would be happy .
when this happened i took NUM bucks and bought some stock at the market value .
why could n't they up NUM of stock in each ?
who at the top looks down at their vast and turns a blind eye to those that earned to be
i am still a at heart and plan on getting what i believe i deserve out of the .
if can convince themselves forever that their to is pay to the least for the most .
yet , they will always be surprised when by goes down .
they the hr . as one of their .
when i filled out my i had to sign it online .
then the real .
print out a copy of that and sign it for real .
i called the company and the director ' said that he could n't give out that info .
a way that money money .
it was to be a for the humans that work for the company .
the college major of business hr is loaded with psychology and office classes .
its all logical , just .
i will make an environment that is fair and provides a place that makes my employees feel of the way
when those numbers from the office department cross my desk will i have the body what board or what i
do n't let the business owners and leaders in society tell you that money is n't everything .
when you have money , money means very little .
that can buy benefits , that can buy a future for you and your family .
left to his own - he , would sit up all night , nothing from anyone else , nothing .
some might be ready to work the central and start talking wild card ; i 'm not .
anything can happen in the next two plus months .
we need louis to to allowing , the law of to be .
no more close games , lost in late .
no more men on third with third or one with no .
and in it has thought and in the .
got woken up this morning by my first years official '' .
after living in california for almost NUM years , i have now been officially .
now , i have experienced the occasional in the past .
i was in sf at the time on my first vacation to california .
my friend , meanwhile , was out into bed , freaked out , and , yelled and what it 's
no big deal , '' and went right back to sleep .
but , since i do n't remember experiencing that .
too far away to have any real effect .
and anything under a ai n't even worth .
i shall accept it with pride !
put rocks in a box and shake them up .
i am so embarrassed i was reading 's blog 's , work , this afternoon .
question NUM was where you own a home if you could own one in any place in the world .
now , anyone who knows me knows that i have been planning to own a condo there since i have
it was unlike anything i have ever in before .
the cat was outside .
my last day was an emotional one for me - i promised myself i would n't cry so i can
in from .
- you took it like a man .
then came the leaving do at what the fuck happened there .
all i can say is - paul gray - you got me back - it 's but this .
keep reading and keep in touch if you can .
a funny british candy : .
says so on the package and everything .
luckily i got to taste it because would lee slip me pieces when men within watching .
i spent hours doing nothing again .
there seems to always be some bit of paperwork for work to me with deal , on relatively a .
i am forever pulling up audio records of the days events to figure out who screwed up where .
digital audio , but the nonetheless nonetheless .
it all out though , except for the hours .
i can not remember the last time i slept well .
i grind my teeth .
i slept this way for NUM hours today , and feel like hell .
i still smoke , but not as much when i run .
i wish it were good for you .
i need therapy : i joke , but who knows .
it is for the volunteer fire .
still have the urge to run for cover .
then there was !
reaching through a broken covered in blood and brain matter .
this went on for NUM hours .
they in a place in that is different from my reality .
i am seriously considering it .
i had conversations with my newest that people of our limited background should never have to have .
it is time to go stare at the ceiling for awhile , and fight my .
i had a strange day yesterday .
one of my friends even told me i looked so hot that she wanted to have sex with me .
it 's nice to have a day like that .
it will last until i get outside and start sweating .
so , i 'd like to think that i can feel the way i did yesterday all the time .
and of course with alcohol .
so on tonight .
i ca n't stand anymore dull rock .
i am a christian man who is married and raising three children in this nation .
marriage is sacred and , in part to due part , he am every human relationship .
such is not the case with work relationships .
when the of one - man one and woman is broken from the sacred .
the upon our nation and that of such a turn are unknown .
am i an parent parent for teaching my children what our christian beliefs mean ?
this is the brave new america in which i am raising my three little blessings .
considering its connection with so wide a variety of issues all of such great .
he is having boyfriend trouble , and i head to be in the chat room when he was talking .
on the cool side , he is from .
i just hope things work out for him .
he loves him though , which makes things hard .
and i had sex this morning , and i thought it was rather good .
but , considering his ex , i should be sure he even still wants sex at all .
the only problem is , i just do n't have the time .
like i have money for a bank to hold for me !
* sigh * i 'm growing tired of not having money .
how ironic , i work at a gas station , and ca n't afford gas .
going to my 's house this evening , supposed to be some massive birthday party .
i 'm like .
maybe i 'll get lucky and dad will spot me some beer , too .
this is f * pathetic , but i still have it good .
the message board has seemed to die .
if you want me to make one for you , email me and say .
the situation has to take that the point emails from that emails to i want from that hear may be
so , i will my email .
first , you take an hour or so to log every single known friendly email address for a data .
emails caught in the are on are in your bin bin and become nothing .
if you have a website , it 's more of a challenge .
so , i have am my online email address to a of an email from address instead , of the
such a message in a bottle will not make it past the spam .
argue amongst themselves daily because emails caught in spam power never reach their destination .
, ' liar liar !
we need of mail destruction ' , or a way to spam once and for all .
microsoft has behind in such a service for users of data you had outlook , clients , and .
we need to work software that sorts spam out of our - email .
what 's the ?
one . !
last 's cold turkey article
it 's getting in brooklyn .
last night there was a lot of partying and playing .
actually , i 'm still going .
the lifestyle lifestyle , the constant cooking in the hot , the running , the the , the ,
but there 's good news .
just a NUM minute walk , actually .
i ca n't wait in this heat .
i have never screwed up any of his stuff .
he says maybe next week , but my son might not be around next week .
i ca n't wait in this heat .
oh god can guys please let up head about all this just leave it as it is ok ?
when you have an had i hear my college school '' day try this : NUM .
you will need to purchase a made by johnson johnson and johnson . ''
change into something far more comfortable , such as a sweat suit and then lay down on your bed .
carefully place it on the table bar that so it will not become or broken .
a day to give thanks i needed to hear drinking yesterday , january NUM years birthday happy .
december NUM - happy bday chris dave !
december NUM - happy bday .
january NUM - happy !
anyone else i missed ?
the the language .
it may be another .
thy tongue around these words .
this master strategy will help save thousands out of apart from saving lot of time .
what made .
or is it that we are missing out on the ?
it also has right through for NUM:NUM in north in korea and has also taken over three companies in the
but have we seen the group thinking smaller than the length and of the country is ever .
it has to be something .
from what we have seen of the buying can be part of its strategy but nothing but it was the
but nothing .
are never my , which can you see being into the ground by groups like the .
now the question ?
but works very on the technology in which light with work through carrying information data or .
same can be done for the office too .
all politicians , state board employees , human right will be right on will screaming a potential stitch .
state .
next important question will be ; what forced to keep it a secret rather than it in the .
knew it would be sure difficult getting right of way if it it intention to use it for the
which will eat up valuable time .
it want to catch it .
but the question is if it s .
imagine what if it comes true .
if it comes true india will be able to bridge a gap of atleast NUM years in its in .
i 've been going to bed around everyday and sleeping past noon falling back into my .
i swear i heard a little new '' in his accent too .
i do n't feel like doing much of anything .
it all seems so .
i 'm just glad i still have the band , otherwise , who knows what sorry state i 'd be
hopefully , that 'll cheer me up some .
the year medical student and the soon to be flight .
they are actually very similar .
i ca n't wait for us to all go out and see what trouble we find .
today marks my first day of work series i must remind myself that this is my last summer .
no more school period .
geez , when am i supposed to sleep ?
i know - suck it up .
: | that 's how it works though .
we are seeing miss .
our in relationship '' began some NUM years ago , thanks to a friend of mine .
they are almost they are , they have total control of their .
in their lyrics they actually have something to say .
well , better once than not at all .
i think i 'll manage to do some translation today .
so far i 've just read old from work by # , chatted with friends , listened to the
or , i do n't have to clean up
well , i 'm gon na do something now .
and , the sun is shining !
name five things in your refrigerator .
name three things around your computer .
baby .
first cd : cd ?
could be why i can not sleep .
last cd played : last : this can be most five minutes ago .
frozen remains in .
last shirt worn : black calvin . long t shirt .
i always : .
i cry : nearly every day yes or no : you keep a diary : yes you like to be
have a crush : sadly , no want to get married : uh uh get motion sickness : no
current hair color : mid brown .
vanilla or chocolate : chocolate .
yes gone to the movies ?
: yes written a real letter : does an email count ?
: yes missed an ex ?
had a serious talk ?
has something to do with websites .
as its name could , was for initially to give specific language tools specific to in .
nonetheless , given the differences between the three parts of the family , we should take care to the
the provides language provides elements that define rules for how one document domain is into our document into .
but why would anyone want to do this ?
g. ken , in the article what is ?
, however , is much more powerful and .
of course , this morning means that must use its own language for the and element .
uses to match and new korea particular in the elements in document for into the office .
london : .
tutorial , NUM .
evidently , .
new york : hungry minds , , NUM .
in a in the , edition .
the available online at work .
what is .
night with about NUM , NUM other people .
really though , it was very good .
ahem well , i am the room as i read this .
so , why , might you ask , is this something to be made of time ?
i had this idea that my ex and i grew too far apart over the course of the relationship .
i am difficult and moody .
needless to say , i did not like sharing toys NUM .
i am always in a few state of relationship .
marriage is with babies , and i fear those a lot .
everybody else is doing it , why am i such a fucking child myself ?
those are things other people should deal with .
avoid the whole topic .
hey jealousy hey jealousy hey jealousy
a little more than a year ago .
i 've been thinking about that , and do you know what i 've ?
google : both this blog and my email gmail are by google .
so i made my list this week .
i also did n't choose any london .
not in the least .
even at here you can put room temperature corn on your sub .
and i 've never seen a more pathetic response for my mother ' request .
do n't like to think too hard , and they 're not very good at it .
that is no good - they hear the magic words and bathing and that is what you will be .
i guess everyone but me asks for them .
and do n't let them put salt and pepper on your sub .
* am i the only person who thinks it 's money to have both and in the - in the
`` well , i was . ''
pictures where are you ?
i have worked over NUM miles since saturday morning , by both plane and .
that 's a turn up for the books .
i wish i did n't wake up at NUM am : NUM every day , regardless of when i am
i have an interview today wish me luck , we need the extra income .
it is nice out , so nice i have decided to wear a dress .
he was a blood thirsty and this is some of the the things i still hold against him .
i just got home and it is late .
i had a great night and did some crazy stuff but overall i had fun .
i got to have to work today and it seems that everyone is ?
all of you mean alot to me and i just wanted to make sure you knew it .
it was not the greatest day , although it could have been worse .
i hope what i said gets his head out of his ass .
keep in mind that i love this very much as a friend .
this chick is psycho . ''
you 're the third person to say that . ''
i am putting my best bitchy foot forward and telling him like it is about him .
by .
i 'm a great friend are n't i ?
although , i have to say , it sucks .
guess i 'll find out next week .
lord , you should have seen her face
the lunch date was okay .
he seemed like a nice guy and he 's been flirting with me forever .
he asked when he could see me again and i told him next tuesday .
i do n't play games and i 'm not .
i just hate that .
well , get a clue mr .
he said , no ' you do n't , you can just watch the game on my big screen .
i do n't like being rushed and that made me feel rushed .
like he 's taking a lot for granted .
there was no .
i will go with an open mind and just be myself and see what happens .
i also love that .
how cute is he with those ?
we thought the people of could have a fund raising activity perhaps a detroit bowling for a .
it 's a thought anyway .
what a musical spectacular .
i guess she did n't like it as much as me and the his certain '' did '' .
my brother and dad already promised a dance with me .
there better be an open bar .
things have been pretty slow around these parts .
but after a while the toys up up and even before i left dc i stopped going to them .
this friday and saturday there was a yard sale yard by my store using one of the empty .
sure , the film 's $ NUM for a of ten , but the camera was $ NUM .
already , right wing groups are trying to work into pulling the film .
you can sign up to be a part of that at the link above , too .
i found this by looking up .
i 've been hearing it a lot lately , and i just love it .
most of the people around me are straight , and they 're totally with us '' on the '' .
be but dude , if they 're going to recognize one kind , they should recognize the other .
yeah , but i do n't want marriage .
well that 's too strong .
i just do n't think it 's any of the government 's business .
is in the relationship .
marriage is an issue of commitment .
how many of you would walk right out on each other if the state no longer played a role .
married folks do n't stay married because the state their marriage .
do has n't require state .
you can find examples in any city of gay couples who have been together for a without a .
the other in the marriage debate is that there are so many issues involved in marriage .
what about the money to pay the lawyer ?
if you 're that poor , go to the library and find out how to do it yourself .
we want the government to be our one stop shop ! ''
are we in the office fucking union ?
the government has no business in our .
so when do we kick them out of the rest of the house ?
have n't you stopped and asked yourself why we are suddenly having this debate ?
it 's a started by george w bush .
this was not .
are continuing to hold in dog in .
this is the sort of thing the us would never stand for if the were from the .
iraq is now a of blood .
corporate media killed the campaign of the best hope our country has had for a political .
have a sitting of president '' that was not the winner of our election last .
we did n't choose him .
and what 's to stop the from doing it again ?
hell , in most countries , there would n't be a question of again .
even president .
are not taking care of our .
are killing the planet and her people .
marriage is not what 's important now .
again , i appreciate the thought , but think about something else already .
i take the on october NUM , and the in november .
but it is a for the in class in the spring .
i start volleyball in NUM weeks .
since i do n't do any now .
the prices are reasonable , and the quality is good .
alcohol is a horribly dangerous and addictive drug that should be paying for all costs until you turn .
this , for example , is a former client .
yesterday we had a of a client , fresh from the weekend .
scroll tomorrow , yay !
ok - well i start by .
lets make sure we make it happen !
his name is al and we are happy as .
we have two dogs and two cats and will probably start working on the family next year .
this fall i 'm going to start my yoga teacher program in chicago - so - i am very much
i recently left my job at a local local and am currently looking for work in .
i miss you all and remember those times as .
man , did we have fun .
adam sp ?
and what s up with the giving new england the first down on that fourth down attempt in the
for some reason stupid , i could not sleep at all last night .
so i was up all night long , and watched the sun rise .
i do n't really think that i should be driving right now .
and i hit the office when i pulled a housewarming move in front of the building .
i am not saying cheers this morning because i am too tired .
looks very clean and sexy right ?
beside this factory , we also have NUM .
we need to make sure each factory has the proper materials at the right time .
in our own company , we used track code to keep track of the production status of each time .
so computer helps a lot and help make things much easier .
hopefully you will find it fun to read .
i assume i could talk about my life , but in general its not really reading material .
i enjoy leading a typical , not exciting , basically boring , average american life .
but the joys of life are all wrapped up in those boring daily tasks .
i think i figured out this blog thing .
i saw lost in translation last night with a friend of mine .
everyone said it was great .
bill .
i must have missed the point because i did n't think it was funny at all .
i had the exact same feeling when i saw the royal .
should n't a comedy have at least a funny ?
at least i did n't have to pay for it .
the world has become an extremely dangerous place .
this has caused many to believe that that is a religion of the and , and .
it is a strategy .
political by a nation to a people , when with the combined with and spoon , for a .
it is the office in a war of .
it was this issue that led to a of -- of favor in -- and of against israel .
enter the birth of al .
what has been done can not be .
when i think of the role of in today 's world , my heart .
the answers to these questions are the of part of the light .
we had faith in human through knowledge and .
what better . can be found of these deeper values of years than the personal example of our holy .
we have been left far behind in social , moral and development development .
we have reached the of process and .
is the way ahead one of this and ?
i say to my brother .
we must concentrate on human development through the development of through and education , health care and health .
all this must be done with a realization that , in the world we live in , does it .
we need to new life into it ; it is now in a state of near .
the world at large and the powers that be must realize that and force will never bring peace .
let it not be said by future that we , the leaders of today , took humanity toward .
as NUM the washington post company
and so , it 's an early weekend for me .
that 's right .
one would think i was an only child !
while lying in bed last night , i was with a with panic .
oh wait , i 'm silly .
both are .
i will never understand guys .
only occupied only , off and on , two years of my college years .
and also the .
nick holds a much more important place in my life .
after all , nick to work as a as '' thing in virginia . ''
and now the two men slob .
is nick going to play cool ?
is he going to be at all ?
i do n't know , i 'm not so hot with work these days .
i mean , they ca n't have a height contest to settle issues .
so that 's out .
who has the cooler wallet ?
we ca n't count on kevin for any sort of help , he 's only going to egg on the
and i do n't even know .
but i ca n't shake the feeling that this night is n't just going to be all cool and .
the former just ca n't get into his head that whatever pot he 's gon na attempt to be .
i 'll just get ! drunk , and then i wo n't know what happened .
it has been a pretty dull day for me .
i loved the harry potter movie though the book was not quite to my liking .
food something that interests me .
the book was interesting but i switched to watching tv for sometime .
finally i up and .
it was early evening and sunset was more than an hour away .
not many people the place on summer years though and this was a big draw for me .
hey just thought i would suggest a dvd to watch .
eddie is a stand up , and probably the funniest guy i have ever seen .
you must see this .
there is nothing like spending time with the one you love .
it was . exciting .
homer loves that movie .
it was pretty good .
.
dude whole package .
and to leave after so short a visit tears at me .
i love it is so beautiful .
i regret i dont see the beauty here that he can get by opening a window .
it was absolutely freakin hilarious .
joey turned three this past tuesday , the fifth of april .
my baby , such a little boy .
i made a teddy bear cake with a uk hat woohoo !
, and his favorite gift : a simple .
if you have a boy under NUM , get one .
from rachel : a book and a rebel dog .
from papa and mainly aunt .
and from and family : two wonderful books on jesus and a child 's christianity .
is calling .
if so should be your online destination du .
in our job to , and , we can lay . claim to the american revolution .
tricia042 = social security the social security program was created long after the party .
-rrb- = job safety safety sound familiar ?
now you have the right to a safe workplace .
a society has equal opportunity for opportunity all .
we = peace have long opposed their killing .
war has created more than half of the national debt that is this country .
decent prevent prevent war .
the = public education people need to be educated if they are to participate in .
educated children build the future .
access to health care is as much a basic human right as the right to vote and just as it
we think that a run economy is just as necessary as political democracy .
speaks to the pistons dj .
-rrb- has a highly interesting article on ohio and what it means for both bush and kerry .
plays the drag queen .
admin and sales seems to have almost our customer base our work at work .
at least , * i am * , anyways .
i am so excited .
i have also seen him sing , twice .
a pretty good gig , since almost everything they have is an even dollar amount !
that has to be my next project !
now to start off , i am in no way saying this is one of those life changing decisions .
not like should be i move to work or not . ''
no big plans with it , just time to hang out in the big city and have a good .
anyway he called me up tuesday to confirm .
the group i have been friends with since back in the day .
sick of driving to .
but then they decide to move it to .
especially when the plans have been solid for weeks .
friday weekend , camping saturday .
its like the mom and pops burger place in sounds good , said , feeling the .
the saw someone behind the counter in a red .
he reached for the door and the on hanging the on other side of it as he opened .
he reached out his hand to shake and libra returned the shake .
that yeah , said as he as his reached hand up and started with his hair .
discussing welcome to my couch as long as you need wow .
told you he wouldnt mind , said mary with that smile again .
on the house .
at least let me help you clean the tables , earn my keep around okay , mary said .
ive heard really pretty , said mary , as she looked up from the shine of a clean .
yeah my problem too .
.
the wasnt very good at showing the way he felt , unless he was depressed , he wore that i
thats why i was out driving when i saw you .
yeah , i guess so , said , .
so , whats there to do around here .
yeah , said mark , a lot closer than mary had thought .
hey thanks again no mark headed back into the kitchen .
we , thunder and did n't want to be when with time but were already with - .
to say the least , the house was rocking with NUM male cats running around .
plans never go as follows , it seems .
* laugh * we had four cheese potatoes , pork stuffed , those corn and .
mom took !
we slide into the bank and went in .
to deliver her cats and pick up .
pictures pictures pictures . pictures ! !
| hear your keep in check on , while beware of your giving reason free . ''
performances friday and saturday and sunday afternoon .
well , yeah , but what .
the three of us will just sit and talk outside while we 're waiting to go on .
mary and i were so glad it was .
, somehow , knocked over and broke a bottle of hot sauce .
so through sunday 's performance , i 'm and i 'm also overly warm on stage .
. 's , an italian restaurant , which makes one of the best steak sandwiches in the area .
he lives in so he does n't usually come out with us .
night went very well .
there are more .
i was asked to do an daughter '' an but at have decided to not .
i 've also been asked to audition for at rebel lady 's fan '' which opens in the .
yes , i 'm keeping busy but i know where my sp ?
we were just finishing rehearsal last night and we were turning the lights off .
she 's always faithful .
spoken like a true theatre person , .
.
i did n't think i would make it , considering the ridiculous work conditions , and my state .
why are people so mean ?
and , it 's my friday .
that 's not true !
i had a happy moment .
it was from NUM , ' i wonder ' was the video .
blind , to me , was one of the greatest and most unknown bands that ever existed .
in any case , that was my happy moment for the day .
sense of taste sense of smell sense to sit here and feel like hell i feel like hell .
how did i get myself into this ?
jeremy tells me this is one thing that you can not miss before leaving .
the only thing not covered in mud at the end of the tournament is your eyes .
so i 'm wondering what this might do to me .
will i turn another shade of brown ?
so maybe later you will see some lovely pictures posted on this here blog .
so will everybody else .
hey guys , i am blogging it up !
love to all , kate
i have things one that i could be doing , but i do n't really want to do .
this handy little tool lets me create and manage nothing else i 've seen .
while on .
my blog could never be complete without this all time favourite song of mine the power of the .
just some more stuff i found that i believe it would all like .
that only lasts so long .
is it by bringing by people to the community ?
i decided that i would make sugar cookies but that they needed a twist a new taste .
i baked the first batch as just plain sugar cookies .
where they are a little .
so i took chips and .
the city a la sugar cookies .
so i made the cookies .
santa , , you get it so i made another batch of the dough .
well let me tell you something they were so soft and .
they tasted like .
it only called for NUM cup .
why do my sugar cookies always turn to shit ?
the first batch i made are good but they do n't taste like they did when the were warm .
they are called his paper thin brown sugar cookies . ''
so she somehow ! the after the fact of me .
these are the only sugar cookies that i can bake that turn out good .
i should know better by now .
i am forever .
please wish me luck .
i love that store and would hate to see it go out of business .
and also if you have been there is n't the hall of ?
i out for the rest of the day .
what i really need to do is smoke too much and .
how i would love to have some of the .
and i love the people that 'll believe it .
the only thing necessary for evil to for is good for men to do nothing .
okay , so you know what annoys me ?
it 's my mood lately -- annoyed ca n't be bothered cranky distant
i could lose weight with a personal . personal and technical imagine
i miss my friends .
to think , the worries i had !
i miss her kids .
i hate relationship stupidity .
it makes me sick to think about it actually and i should stop .
hopefully it wo n't be a classic .
a note from bear cheer : ok , i 've been hanging in the closet damn long enough .
* a note from me ?
i think you know what i wish .
this is why i went blog .
some guy registered a website earlier this year for his car stuff .
unfortunately , the young .
edit : it get 's better !
his girlfriend is .
the internet fucking rules .
dinner was quite the evening evening .
for you considered fans out there flash flash revolution !
do n't forget us in little old and in fact new .
good luck and have fun !
there 's enough to think to about him .
this er .
more rain and more this is getting to feel like seattle !
thank god i woke up on my own at NUM : NUM .
i 'm sure i have no saving skills whatsoever .
on an even lighter note one of these pictures . what i wanted at the prom night .
and in my free time .
i have two kids , my daughter is NUM my son is soon to be NUM .
i 've been married for almost and my husband is my best friend !
la , la , la !
i am not as excited about their newly presence in mine life !
i found a wonderful apartment and happily discovered that i like very much .
but a few things really my interest : NUM .
the 's conspiracy .
i was so relieved to find gas i think i would have given a to get a full of the
michael moore would have a in kansas .
i drove approximately NUM miles in kansas , and i still do n't know what color their highway .
what are the of kansas of called ?
this is okay in my book , but interesting nonetheless .
i wondered why this was such a problem , then i remembered .
this might be the worst part of living in kansas .
this does not apply to the okie .
oklahoma has a toll highway that is than many roads i have been on .
i think the . was
but even fine mexican fast food such as can not be one to this diet of status in the
this for con and sarah pretty much cause there was n't a mike
what a fucking .
i know the answer to that question years , but man , the speech he gave tonight at the
these are the things the democrats failed to do in NUM and cost gore the election .
clinton is the real great .
i ca n't believe this old - is younger than us .
much like .
their next gig was sharp for the most part and worthy .
yet strangely i still watch the office weekly .
it has on me earlier this week what their fall from grace in my eyes .
she seems to be .
i 'm all for developing new talent , but all she 's doing is the new .
at least tony martin and !
if only we could find out whatever happened to jason .
in terms of clothing , !
the i been from her personality , i 'd also guess that she 's one of those people .
she was alone , and i get the feeling she was in beach on vacation .
the i get to her from is that she is someone who feels a lack of control in life .
there 's just something about her behavior that some deep some problems .
i 'm also playing a job link 's on my cell phone right now .
i could n't agree more .
the quality of the show has a levels to i never imagined possible .
he should be for that for .
wtf .
and yes - there was more shit that they did n't call against detroit than against my .
what wants , gets apple gets for back .
and this time around .
though she is having trouble sticking to them as she really likes to do it .
i awoke this morning with a headache .
i was just .
it 's difficult to an xp system while i 'm working on windows NUM .
i can guarantee how i have my system set up is a NUM from how most people have their
i dont think i would do it if she wasnt such a nice lady .
in other news , is on the pole this weekend talk about a !
they .
the is in right now .
he 's just trying to help out baby out !
i do however have problems with them making changes in .
i have they have an race or two .
this will use these races to work new rules that could possibly go into effect the next season .
i 've decided to put up a third blog , the terror . ''
a job for materials from obvious spelling and errors , as they are discovered within the news .
but i have a right to be about such about errors in news media and elsewhere .
or , more generally , to produce media in various for public for .
a .
put that in your funk .
i wonder if they use the to teach them .
unfortunately charlie 's mom was n't there to serve us :
well we made it back long drive especially coming back .
found a nice gas mart and took out a small loan to fill up the car .
next stop : .
we had seen several signs for the mad greek restaurant .
that did the trick , we back in the and headed for vegas .
pulled some other muscle and got the situation taken care of .
we decided on mexican for dinner .
after dinner , we wandered some more and we up up stairs .
we talked a while and .
friday morning and early afternoon was spent by the pool .
after dinner , we returned to the office , a bit a and went to bed .
we then thought around the office , had some lunch and some for some .
sunday was spent driving home .
i knew it - i would speak to s and all my fears and doubts would fade to the
essentially you are a this of what to s does .
the sad thing is that i am not sure that i believe all that he says .
he said that he ca n't be in a relationship that will trust and respect .
how much longer can i let this go on ?
perhaps i need the to take a good and honest look at the path i am walking down .
i do n't do well with and never had .
one : jackson jackson is not , but , covering her husband up with her arms .
military .
however , here in the office there are negative consequences to the blind worship of the .
they play a special role in making most people 's lives rather pointless .
well , had hella a day .
i 'm such a worthy buddy .
* homer * yah , it was worth all the while .
but she was lookin ' pretty then .
anyway , i was hoping that my engine could get .
wat a pathetic life !
attended the last to lecture .
all thanx to the in my in ta class !
then being a man , i had my copy to heather .
anyway , she 's ' ' but
am all along she was tryin ' to my attention this neat !
this time round , i was the lights went back on as soon as i reached the .
it 's !
i skipped juz to take a nap .
din want it to end up like this either .
today 's target is to be as productive as possible !
do n't ever do n't say that you do n't have enough time .
why do i always end up thinking .
maybe i should just leave him alone , but i do n't want to .
i came back up to work this afternoon , i borrowed 's car for a couple of days .
i 've got the car so i can bring the dog back with me .
but do n't worry .
but at least i get my daily call from the client annoying who just ca n't take a hint .
democratic forums - workers is we becoming a nation of the saying by order the recall .
the times i did get connected to the audio , it lasted for a few seconds before kicking .
the feed is gone again , but apparently michael moore is up for an interview after the break .
my muscles could n't handle anything but that , i swear .
as it happens , after the of a of whole bottle of red .
tuesday : lower body weights , NUM minute step class with andrea , NUM minute night class .
nothing quite like legs being all directly after books , and all firm and nice a bit later .
there is no yoga tonight , so i 'll be making an extra effort to justify alone here later .
back in kl again well , today i reached kl around .
she is really small size , only these with her is good !
he 's too .
if i wanted that , i would have never left germany in the first place .
which is why you have become my favorite everyone should have a friend like you you are .
woohoo , i can go eat that .
today was a good day .
that was sure i 'm such an addict , i know .
they act like total when they get together .
the hunt ice hunt broke up with broke after canada NUM , NUM years .
diving right back into the dating dating scene , of the the night hunt new vet were recently seen .
a web version of a game .
maybe you should get a blog , too !
i was walking to the this , when i passed this huge truck for a local tv .
it looked like something they could keep track of the space with with !
anyhow , if you have been reading , you know !
well check this out .
all i can say is damn this stupid hurricane .
they are a state of emergency for for last night when i went to bed .
i feel like my car is going to blow away when they are NUM miles an hour .
hubby went to work 's this morning to get some things and they were out of just about everything .
i 'm trying to keep my basement from .
you can tell i '' m really happy .
i - the thing cracks me up .
jen - congrats on sending the email .
i like it .
yeah made a couple comments about the hurricane being a woman .
consequently - yeah the is a coming as i posted above .
has rick been on the last couple days ?
i know they said adam is coming up so that will cheer me up a little .
talk to you ladies later .
angela recently left a comment on .
hence the reason be boys . ''
oh wait , i 'll just delete the post and write it again .
another slow mail day , save from one i was hoping to receive eventually .
best to show your cards when the friendship is worth the effort .
im .
the behavior matches up .
i just got up from a good three hours of reading .
its for work , yet it seems such a selfish .
its in my language , speaks to my experiences .
again , the of my inner world with the label of mentally ill is to think about the of
theres of humanity involved .
how much my husband hear suicide into my own , my own ?
the is is in , powerful .
theres romance to the of the artist artist .
ive bought into it .
what exactly does that mean , and how do i fit this information into my life ?
i need to watch closely , be careful to take care of myself along the way .
much harder to maintain it .
my hits were down NUM % last month .
which is ok , leaving me without a of the audience im writing to .
i want to finish it by tomorrow morning .
melissa , thanks again for the greg - they are so cute !
i wish i could hold your hand .
i wish i was there to tell you it will be alright .
i wish i could wake up , with you lying next to me .
i wish i was there to sing with you .
i wish i was there to wipe away your tears .
i wish i had your courage .
i wish i was there to share every dream .
sorry about the lack of blogs , my computer is a bit out of the loop .
therefore i 've been to the internet via america online even more .
i have just finished the first round of pictures of the wedding .
, where are you ?
take a look at my new baby
so i 'm sitting there with nothing .
but i 'm the big blind , so i 'm in already .
so i get to thinking that maybe no one else has anything , and i bet $ NUM on the
i 'm a winner .
what i love about it is that it 's a game .
you ca n't buy anything for a dollar , besides a game of bowling at the fort .
NUM if you have the nuts , and someone is .
so far , so good .
for those of you who may be confused about what is going on with my blog .
this goes back NUM years so it will take some time .
* mtv want fans to get their parents to act out their favourite darkness video .
this morning , after a wait of four months , i 'm finally going to get my dog .
i was supposed to get her in early august , but like everything else associated with virginia that i was
we are all prepared for her i bought food , treats , and most importantly , dog shampoo .
at least it looks like the she has been getting food these past months , but her job is a
she has a nice big yard to play in , and we plan on taking her whenever we have to
so if i spoke to you at any point during the evening , i apologize .
waitress waitress , sorry you called after i passed out .
girls from .
so last night was awesome .
we went to work , but apparently the one here in .
so instead , we shot over to for dinner for dinner and of course , drinking .
that was pretty fun , but i could n't get them a table pool .
we had a few .
then i went home .
supposed to do at the .
so if we went , we would have to sit inside .
i may also go purchase new music .
how did i really remember about this one ?
i will get my head , if , i could get a pay NUM times my pay present .
apparently two teacher found it important to show their high school classes video of the of of the .
one of the classes was confirmed to be a social studies class , they said .
the two teachers have been placed on - leave .
community house is cool so far .
tomorrow the experience begins oh yeah , here 's a few things to make you .
well , i 'll try and keep you guys posted on how the week goes .
there was lots of shouting , then they would him as he was running away .
the 's sitting on the office at the moment , and the lj states became white .
it 's like television .
i do n't like roller coaster that go upside down or backwards .
do we have a plan for saturday evening yet ?
i figure , the more the kids , especially if it means finding the other kids who share the .
my blue fish nature is really taking over .
eleven people on a foot boat made for quite an evening .
perhaps if i had of the vast amounts of alcohol on hand , i would have up off the
i didn t want to have to use the same city that the two strangers were using .
i can t wait until next oh yeah !
it feels so good to say those words to someone again .
i am pretty sure that it has been a long times since you heard those words said to you .
that is fine with me .
i feel good again .
we can not change our past .
we do not want to forget it , then we are to make the same mistakes again .
if you really , really want something then you have to go after it .
if you do not go after something with NUM % effort , then you do not really want it .
i have the patients of a saint when it comes to getting exactly what i want .
i can wait for as long as it takes to get what i want .
you just have to search your heart and your feelings for what you want .
well time to this one .
i untill next time my love !
they said the driver to the left , causing their son to leave the road and crash .
all i can say is not night on .
took this picture .
both mother 's said we looked like that and that we should have theme music playing behind this .
ok , so i was hoping to get some writing done yesterday .
and now i have a different problem .
weird how that happens huh ?
i have watched pieces of me disappear like an teddy s breath in winter , frozen air .
a leaf .
without you here i am the rain falling on leather .
occasionally i wake up in a totally corny mood .
hello , i have bought NUM for our .
otherwise i dun give u !
your humble and .
im curious how part NUM and NUM will connect with this first weekend .
watching the movie , specifically up until the final NUM minutes i liked it alot .
but first things first .
also he can help from a woman who obviously at one point cared very much for this guy .
the ending pretty much calls for a job death for the character .
i sorta have a hard time for actor performances .
being an american , i am completely numb to guns and in the movies .
it was n't picture of sound tricks and editing and it was quite effective as fired were with fired .
the gun play wasnt pretty it was ugly and mean .
here we go anyway .
not necessarily by the hands of a or a friend , but something this and sudden .
, after his another new teddy act , and with getting the closest he drives up into the .
then he goes to sleep .
more through snow .
alright , .
im all for it up it , but i thought that that was the point of the itself that .
make people think when they walk out of the theater .
all things being said good movie .
his argument was that we 've had it for years .
i was too tired and weak to argue , and not sure if it 's something worth arguing about the
i prefer to be busy .
i was working a little yesterday still and had a ten minute cry in the office over something someone .
oh and when i got home , hubby brought me flowers .
' by simon is part of my preparation for some teaching on philosophy of mind .
it was mainly about and .
now that last one would be a good one to keep in store for those exams children !
the is a less formal for along these lines .
still i will probably go along with the term as i do think there is a need for one .
happily , it was a very good friend of mine .
i really am not so sure .
if not , why do so many have it - ?
my best answer so far is to worship money sex and power .
so the poem was seen by a movie .
which is fucking , you ask me .
it 's amazing how someone so small can have such an incredible stage presence just got back now .
the french are n't , as a general rule , much into sushi .
i 'm lucky enough not to have had a bad experience with it yet , unlike some people i have
most people tend to find that the first time they try fish sushi .
jerry , , .
central presented by mike the weekend .
crap , eight days since my last post on here .
another very good read , i am swearing finishing the rest of that series as well .
i have n't seen him in nearly two years , and before that had been three or more years .
we really need more now though , and i believe we may actually have it .
perhaps you 've forgotten what it feels like to be excited .
and i have n't felt these things in an affair , removed way .
i do n't hate george bush in a way way .
i am still not sure about kerry , but i am a stupidest '' in john edwards .
i want to be able to talk about these things again without necessarily the christian right .
it is in and i know you people like lists .
i got the table cleared off though !
: . used for roads , and .
and yes today is friday , though soon it will be saturday , but then it is already saturday .
alex is having a european grill thingy on sunday .
i do n't know but just to see the boys get so excited to try smoking a with on the
like i said it was a moment of this time .
i like times like that they are what life is all about .
i guess that means i 'll have to go to the gym this week .
i was dragged along to this club this last saturday night .
i guess if you are into people watching it 's fun .
he 's always trying to get me out on the dance floor and tells me there 's nothing to be
i will get to my top NUM women characters in movies in a bit ; i 'm still doing .
a young peter live has he had a connection daily with a mass and likes who to kill another time
he and his father are the only ones who survive .
up to this point i found it in a , way in i found the ratio .
still , i have a soft spot in my brain for this movie .
NUM .
no plot to speak of and it 's not even by by nothing standards .
this movie is about a race car driver who is by the police to a gang of the .
NUM .
bad .
they play vietnam war .
oh , sure , van is fun to look at , but there needs to be something more .
NUM % oh , god this movie sucks !
a performance by a bruce woman and ben 's ben teeth , which he got specifically for in the
b the actor 's track , especially ben .
NUM a blonde and a are trapped in a cabin in the forest in space forest .
and throw in . jason lee , though he 's taken out too early .
NUM pieces this is a spanish horror movie that came out in the NUM 's .
psycho killer young college girls .
the killer is wearing an , a scarf , and a hat pulled low and has a NUM .
it 's you . ''
NUM the . i raised was on NUM 's disaster films .
for , find the extended version .
, isk de !
so like i said i was supposed to see get .
by this time i know that april is this mad .
she has been the only person in my life that has never let me down and has always stuck to
it is hard though when you work a completely different schedule .
not during the day except today of course because my back started hurting .
i can tell by the comment last night .
i rarely remember dreams but for some reason i remembered this one .
at first it was n't clear who i was dating .
i actually felt like i was in love in '' this in dream .
the dream like lasted for a month into our relationship until i woke up .
it has the first movie we had ever seen together .
because i woke up too soon .
so hopefully tonight i 'll have a repeat performance .
mc paul .
or , at least , he 's bringing into that 's that yet be to traveled .
here 's a clip of what went ?
also i think i will put them in order of when i think they came out .
i think it may be one of my first gaming memories .
i 'd take this for .
and nothing was more than .
it 's a little little game which everyone loves .
maybe unfair you may think but it people to actually people at taking the damn thing .
NUM special edition - .
if it 's easy to find , the version which comes with destruction .
you can never go wrong with NUM massive fighting games can you ?
this game with it 's online play section would last me a while .
this and totally cool to boot .
we are all in the lifestyle , food and , fun and games business .
my partner .
take my word for it he tried , oh lord he did .
i know , it can get tiring , bringing up the battle of the issues issues , the past .
but i do like to work on that the catalyst of girls and i , we wear sexy clothes .
yes we do all that and more !
it seems that the democratic national convention did not help kerry very much in the .
there is a strong division between the american people .
perhaps could work , but i even doubt that .
me included , of course .
thus , that small NUM % is so very important .
well , i guess most people would say , .
and personally , i hope that the conservative right and bush along with it does n't , .
i 'm even starting to find the will to work just to make myself seem needed and talk .
i 'll then have more people to talk to in charlotte .
right now , i feel .
i think that the course is a must in order to do anything worthwhile .
we are set ourselves set apart from our identity .
to allow for .
i think we are in a process of evolution , of the mind .
we will come to a more in .
there 's a strange plant in the lobby of the weekend .
i exactly do n't understand my feelings now .
just a phone call to say ' hi '' or to buzz me at yahoo messenger .
i started doing so many for the first time being inspired by being , as we all .
yet again he has done it .
so , no .
here i am !
i spent two hours after work today playing computer games on my laptop .
i am now an official citizen of call it what you will .
to all you whom why i as for spending hours in a fantasy world , i have to be .
but what the heck do i do when my free trial to comes to an end ?
this song breaks my heart .
there is not a day that goes by that i do n't miss her .
i mean i can sort of imagine .
that was NUM years ago this past sunday .
but , an international . energy agency with teeth can .
borrowed my sister 's digital camera to some of my some .
watched a really of a japanese of movie called the , ' . '' i wish the dvd .
heavily by friends and the germany germany .
note to self : stop to .
it is of , of what seems to be , a previous life .
i can close my eyes and feel that i am floating through an supervisor sky , .
of course you like sex .
the well friday : bit of thinking about .
i would recommend recommend that everybody watch this film -- one of the best that i 've seen this .
it 's just as well i 'm not trying to make a living out of this -- eleven months .
also yesterday : more job applications .
okay , maybe i , but i like to .
found this on new york times via today it 's kind of scary .
read the rest here .
if you think you are beautiful , please try it at .
i went in and just looking for some .
so i was looking at some stuff and a sales walk up to me .
here 's the conversation .
there are scars scars on your face jesus .
s : homer , do you do ga ga , you need ga .
and i ran out crying , because i so freaking .
i went to bed with a book red anime '' apartment '' sometime around .
his one big discovery was revealed much earlier to the reader , so it was no surprise at all .
so far , it 's still here , still aching .
it 's some of the guys from jackass .
my sister 's birthday was yesterday .
i do n't have any money left to buy her anything anyhow .
i 'm really starting to worry about my job and getting a job .
i 'm so and wondering more stereotypes , it 's not even funny .
in the meantime , i need to start working on the set list for our next gig .
i really need to start finishing more of my own songs , and soon .
the sky is starting to work up .
if i go to bed now , i 'll be up too late in the day to get anything .
i do n't know what to do anymore .
take the which are you ?
it looks like politics might get a little .
i 've done that before i can do it again .
is it basically of exercise = NUM activity points ?
im still trying my best to learn as well thats been a big problem for my lazy .
.
i 'll have a for that for makes it NUM !
no worries though it will all work out !
now off to grill that steak !
i guess we can all just get along !
hand is working out , and then wax hand is in colors in the desire to the of the
i wonder if they do other
i shall always remember his an blue eyes
there is a virtual of options !
i ca n't wait for all of our this cities to be up and running !
for fried for egg toast on , toast with the side , are toast .
my hair is a fine .
bass is ready to go .
you is not yet .
i have no idea why this show at the county fair has me all wound up .
as is an intelligent beast .
others in certain people as of learning of .
then down the sides , do each of row each as an of time , say , seconds , i
now , each of their balls begin their office , hitting each nail and being driven one .
heather hit a - someone .
but i think it is a positive way of thinking about things .
have a conversation nail , read a book nail , or see the world nail .
when you get off the highway onto , it 's the very first turn to the left - .
you know my number .
young bodies without are losing their child life everyday .
will the take note and release to people who are struggling to make ends meet ?
it kinda threw me , i thought we were still !
i still think the whole idea sucks , but we seem to be putting it on a very back .
we seem to be heading toward the path to healing .
or something like that .
then again , she knows where my paper journal is , but wo n't read that .
i 'm not likely to put anything really in either .
it 's a little hard to destroy my brain , though .
glad i met my wife when i did , because i was getting sure of get drunk at the
so , with the help of my roommate i my good buddy fred and the pile pile .
i have n't had to work since thursday .
sadly , what i discovered when i arrived was that dark clouds were directly and rain was rain .
i left my job in the car , only to be on for about on NUM minutes .
the movie with a list of known but rarely from actors .
i was .
today i learned that i got accepted to the master of management - and credit .
and although i have to attend a one week orientation course the rest of the course is done via .
hmm this is it i am now going down this road .
this creative chicago from work raw practices his with an of and in this track .
this one is for the digital music lovers .
what surprised me was that i enjoyed it , which meant that NUM .
i am a slave to the hollywood machine .
i just hope sure does n't hear her machine as the way through the movie .
if it .
this is me , in all my , er , glory .
then the spider circles wide and to create the .
they really do roll their catch as they wrap it , just like in the two towers movie .
na pero please be patient : there will also be a gig on the sa .
this ok na yung recording : d
since getting married and having children i feel like a beautiful amount of creativity has been dry sucked from the
maybe that will release me from the in which i !
louis .
they laughed .
they were doing exactly what they were trained to do .
's birthday may NUM
i 've killed the wee man with my husband of death .
they were taken to 's hospital for treatment .
more on 's job here and here .
my cousins also use it for games , so i decided to buy that .
the ideas people get .
it .
he said it does t look like my s wearing a .
and to think the jacket has a from .
gee words were never spoken .
but , unfortunately i know andrew .
this week , with him a safe distance away and no further between us i 'm feeling in the
last night scott got of his new apartment !
when you first walk in there 's a little , with a very deep hall closet .
it 's called to myself .
it 's just the perfect size .
scott says is going to look great , but i 'm not so sure yet .
the living room has NUM other big windows in it , so it 's full of light .
and it has these cool glass , and a little glass window going into it .
there is not a lot of room between the toilet and the .
the bedroom is at the very end of the apartment .
it 's painted a great attractive , so that 'll be changed .
i guess it could be worse , could be ugly green .
me and !
and then someone named this martin the pictures of me at big bend and my contact info from the
i still ca n't get it back up , despite dropping NUM bucks on a new wireless card last night
i live in a third floor flat with two other students , one on my course and the .
by the way , it is not my intention to chew anybody , if i do so i have to
pressure .
endless time spent pouring over books , like .
he wears his .
to and i finally got a kitchen table this past week .
pictures to follow soon !
things with ng are still really amazing .
we kiss and never stop kissing .
i am at wanting to have more sex .
, we kiss in the morning , and we are already naked from the night before .
i 'll see . tonight .
so when he called back at NUM : NUM i was n't surprised .
i 'm a little concerned about he because he really is quite attractive .
i bet if we stopped talking he would n't want to move out here anymore .
he 's always asking me to be his girlfriend .
i do n't see you but once a month .
scroll called me the other day too .
i 'll call him back next week .
will cause will enough drama for one weekend i think .
yikes why did i ever invite him months ago ?
i mean , eve ?
i mean , got my name , so the gifts just have to be .
my husband .
i am glad to be a vegetarian -- though i will not on why anyone else should be .
they 've got a few pool among other things .
but well , in order to get the two weeks , i did the second option .
i just hope i 'm not getting myself into trouble .
anyway , he asked me if i wanted to take over someone 's shift tonight , not anyone what .
cut to the end of the shift tonight .
they are the parents of in f '' , who 's shift i took over tonight .
we informed them that she did n't work tonight .
, f is only NUM , and still a minor .
see , he was .
f pulled a fast one over her parents .
i could almost say vice , to too .
i mean , it will suck for f and possibly even t , but for us .
we were stopped about how we 'll know what happened if f is allowed to show up for work .
i mean , since f is a minor , who is responsible for her ?
technically she was scheduled to work , but she never in .
i do n't know the work of work .
while he was falling , i was here
if not now , when ? ''
and there 's not enough in the world to do the job .
do i get another start when big and little hands both point at twelve ?
> > NUM minutes .
touch wood , but this year has to be better than the last by the .
i got a hot tip .
morgan .
i am working on my second to last paper for this boring class .
i worked outside at my job most of the weekend and my skin is just not .
let 's see friday i worked at the !
i got off at the wedding at NUM and went to work 's in the middle of a freakin .
it 's always good to be around people who i have something in common with .
i met a few new people there .
anyway , i made it home at NUM am and had to be at the wedding at NUM : NUM
i got off at , came home and slept til NUM , then played kitchen at NUM .
that put me in a bad mood so i turned my phone off , wrote in my journal and
i started off playing with this NUM .
oh well , i am .
she 's a deer out of the yard on saturday .
then she was hunting a ground .
because i 'm nice
she did n't think it was as funny as my dad and i did .
but now i 'm back oh god , i have to work .
the main reason for this is probably sleeping for NUM or NUM hours .
tonight , after i get off work , i have hopes of sleeping for another NUM or NUM hours .
why should i go to his party , when he wo n't come to mine ?
he had a crisis , divorced his wife , and married someone else .
one of his excuses was that he did n't like how his family turned out , so he wanted to
i ca n't blame my cousin for not liking his new .
god , my family is so screwed up .
he probably does , but even if he did n't i doubt he would have attended .
that did n't make me happy .
who would n't know reality if it hit her in the face .
i 'm just so tired of all the shit .
what was the response by our national security ?
um , then should n't it have been in bin bin used to be determined to attack .
that there were no such plans , merely several items listed together .
even if what 's on your mind is n't easy , now is a good time to bring it .
you may feel .
you only need to have faith in the process process of communication .
your basic material needs and desires , however , are the source of your new dilemma .
fine .
i 'm dealing with a lot that i ca n't share * just yet -- or for maybe sometime .
when i say . am a bush under i '' i do speak of this with pride .
when i say am i am a christian '' i 'm not trying to be strong .
when i say .
one animal or that , noah should have left off the ?
do you make a wish before blowing out your birthday candles ?
the fact that i made it to another birthday is good enough for me .
well , like , yeah .
but i only sleep on one of them ; the one without the most filling .
favorite ice cream flavor ?
a colors of late but usually blue gray .
no ; although i have felt the sensation that someone was watching me .
this people scare me in more than one way .
it 's the one where i can take my time to eat and talk about my day .
have you ever ?
would you go on a reality show ?
are you more optimistic or about the future ?
with strawberry .
your favorite soup of the day ?
what site is a must see for all visitors to your city ?
the house -- states why i have n't eaten at but heard it is quite good .
why must we cage animals for entertainment ?
are n't we are animals for merely ?
although , twice baked potatoes are quite delicious .
rented under the sun under '' .
one of your favorite books when you were a child ?
my ability to write a good story anyone can believe in .
what is your favorite small ?
snacks snacks or sweet treats ?
are you usually a little early , a little late , or right on time ?
we are talking about this right ?
to reveal this would most my clean my .
what was one of your favorite games as a child ?
one person that never fails to make you laugh ?
what was the first music that you ever bought ?
if you could change one thing about your family life when you were a child , what would it .
what is the one thing that you cook that always this ?
from what news source do you receive the of your news ?
three two are male and one is female , my best friend .
my best friend in high school who later married and is the father now .
the single most important quality in a mate ?
honesty and of course , time .
i believe there is someone for everyone .
do you consider yourself well organized ?
i have never liked .
no but i 've hung up on more people than i care to count right now .
have you ever killed an animal ?
i love animals too much .
it 's still my great dream .
maybe that 's why it 's called with this '' .
i want to be happy again .
i want to figure before i 'm too old to enjoy my golden years .
!
he is a great guy .
sana ang friendship nya ni .
just like my friendship with .
ko lang ko ng na .
: so here i am , blogging my time away .
si si curly , pesky akong na somebody is looking for me sa .
i was expecting that he would say kasi ang ko ang instantly .
yes hes back mga .
btw , thanks god kasi .
still love my sis .
this has .
ultimately , though , those are just too are for me .
i 'm really not thinking about an audience , i 'm thinking about me .
this is n't a really long body of work and it can be read as a sort of the
you can get back at me by starting your own blog , though , and i encourage you to get
i 'm afraid that is n't sure -- however , , not to be at you .
just not .
i hope you enjoy my writing .
finally getting around to making those site that i 've been thinking about for ages .
i took my family out for a night at the this last night .
personally , i found the animal rights more entertaining than the show .
either way , we all had a fun night .
for those of who do n't know i 'm the one in green in heather party of the .
that feels a little wrong to me .
but it 's only a small step from that to off good grades .
i guess it 's the good cause stuff again
kids love me ! ''
at least it 's not a i love kids !
bid for him to love your kids .
lots of people .
it 's even got an am radio !
homer for books they 'd written -- .
best wishes , jim . ''
law this weekend trips .
actually , that reminds me of something else .
and costs like $ NUM although if you 're working for a firm , usually they pay .
$ NUM for a series ?
for $ NUM . NUM ?
books are faster than hearing a lecture , and easier to deal with than a .
and it would n't cost $ NUM !
i ca n't believe that people really stand for paying $ NUM to take NUM weeks of a time .
i of .
god is a republican / santa on is a democrat from of la by the .
he has little apparent concern for the material of the .
it is very hard to get into god 's country santa this his is another matter .
and he loves animals .
he gives everyone everything they want without thought of a his pro .
santa is he is able to every way in one ; there is no such one thing in santa .
before long , they made it to class and the irish kid sat next to me .
it reminded me of someone who told me to from pointing to a wrist when asking for time when i
there maybe more to learn about irish , other than their cute irish accent .
better looking too , but that 's not hard . ''
sorry , jeff and joe , it really does n't look all that hot .
i 've been working for weeks to build up a regular saturday evening crowd .
seems he should be telling them what to do and not , but that 's not my place .
i thought tell her the i 'm not being rude , and that i this is me .
so melissa , i 'm all ears .
template hey , does this template flash every second , when it 's changing color ?
i 'm in NUM again now , and it .
it takes a lot of patience .
unfortunately , we had to lock out of the room so he would n't lay down on the time .
he can be cute and funny sometimes and then he can be the devil other times .
chris and i went to the last night for a couple of shows .
for those of you who johnson heard elizabeth and i have found our new home in north central austin .
me , and ya 'll , will just have to see .
i am a NUM year old member of the new york air national guard and a recent graduate of the
what was my degree in , you ask ?
not an article major , to be , but not the most one for the job market .
sometimes we all go through changes regarding what we want to do .
it is what i truly want to do and we 'll just have to see what happens .
keep in mind , these are my opinions only , so of course they are right .
some ' with you partner .
hopefully some of it will ring true with you .
lately , in these days of constant by the media and advertising , we seem to be obsessed .
in this case , let 's make it your arm .
now , take the hand of your other arm and smack the arm you are holding out .
know what that is ?
not the expensive you network my dream of or the clothing .
now , do n't get me wrong .
it is the old story of keeping up with and mrs. jones .
those two people suck and you will never beat them .
for everyone driving a job , someone is a .
but you get my drift dammit .
the thing you can put your hands on , wrap your arms around , kiss , hold .
i suppose that is about all i have to spit out at the moment .
anyway , i 'll let you alone now , leaving you with my word of the week .
: in a , making NUM child and creating .
you 'll learn all about it .
this in consists of a charm and a strange .
it was to be an all star cast , quite a novel idea for the time .
i got this off of the office project website project is it by done was by .
very scary , but true .
is being released from prison either tonight or tomorrow .
and knowing someone like her was out the streets would likely would grow another me .
the sad thing is , it 's not like i have an alternative .
and she had his baby . with !
oh , and she still wants a relationship with the kid , who 's NUM now .
in the words of streets and lj , dude , this is some fucked up shit right here .
saturday morning wow NUM mornings in a row !
not that anyone reads it but im trying to keep up with something for a change .
morning was wonderful !
im not sure what to keep writing here , kinda at a loss for words .
i have been told i 'm a very unique woman and hope to show that through with words and i
thanks for stopping by !
last week i was your lover , wife , favorite friend , and child 's mother .
we spoke from the heart and dreamed in color , filling the , traveling through traveling and on the
pity you were not there to experience any of it .
i know it 's a long shot , but hey .
homer '' by '' i have gained a new found respect for his rebel '' .
any of that of is put back into the company for future use .
there is a vast difference between a organization organization '' and a for '' .
even late at night , they are '' '' '' .
well when your your boss habit your goal of saving $ NUM for a , you are in the
it takes you NUM hours to cut a yard that a job does in NUM minutes .
no need for a profit .
not that there is anything wrong with a holiday monday , they rock .
james and i were trying to make sense of the rest of the week .
but what about work and .
james brought up the good point that with only NUM days , there is no middle , no .
james thought there was a and it was and wed. instead of a weekend of day , and a
thank god its friday today , and a to boot to boot .
following up on the divorce report
i wonder how do the define behaviour ?
keen computer has to make point share server upon for a district and planning .
the actual website is visible at please post messages in the comment box .
several months worth , actually .
so here 's a nice bedtime story for all you out there .
but alas , homer bare chest bare was a pussy , and he he to tower his in the
here 's one : $ NUM - special .
my apartment is in the east village , with a small kitchen but a great bathroom .
this is a safe building in an excellent neighborhood .
a nice personality and a great attitude is more important than looks .
i never enter your space , in exchange you never enter the kitchen .
if you do not cook , you can have a great space with privacy .
a serious student or person who is full time is ideal .
near f and r trains .
i also remind .
poor woman , i 'll miss her she was a great .
not a problem really .
great puzzle , tons of detail .
i was planning on going to the gym today but this headache is .
i actually never had a headache last so long .
limit limit is NUM in but since they at least it and to no avail .
i would take NUM at once and my headache still above go away .
all those important things : im so excited about going home .
thanks to whose blog i just love for this one .
i 'm new to this .
name / username : name .
go on , now .
that works , too .
by that , i mean that it does n't take off once every three seconds anymore .
this mean i 'm making ?
but it 'd be nice if the people at the gas station would stop asking me what 's wrong .
ideally magazine is my favorite : o
you see , you not only sell by the office - you attack the , the 's wif .
louis .
be !
notes from island my journey began in on friday afternoon .
i was already running late .
we gathered .
we crossed the main part of the river quickly , and met the island has shortly .
it is canadian !
.
michelle is one of my best friends from home .
all of this puts her into a category of work not many others share .
and you know what ?
i am tired of being places because i am expected there .
believe me , a booked agenda does not a life make .
i miss the loss of my own free choices , and believe me , i 'm not sure anyone .
i want to go places because i want to , not because i think i should .
was i sick that day ?
spending time with michelle and eric reminded me of living with michelle .
these were times when anything and everything we did seemed like a special event .
does that sound weird ?
with michelle , it was always the about what about we have doing , or what crazy or .
and perhaps , most importantly , it was not lonely .
simple things are dull again .
how is it that one person can color your life so much ?
tonight 's choices : the lawn , one is laundry and clean up around the house .
it 's very quiet .
i 'm pretty sure he 's only coming for sex .
, .
.
her parents were born in italy and spoke that broken english .
.
.
she played sports throughout high school .
it was hard for for to meet men back then .
.
it was her first day .
NUM ocean was a small pizza place .
when have met his it was love at first sight .
six months after they met , they got married .
.
no man will be to their days , to when have babies '' .
he was a pole .
he too wanted her home to raise a family , that 's when their left .
others say she was a bitch who did n't like sex .
you all will know about her as soon as i do .
they have a duty to this nation for doing the little , but necessary , things .
it 's been four years .
i think he would appreciate that .
the next morning , my father took lucky to the vet to get her checked out .
on a wedding note , the blog has gone through some updates .
feel free to look around and let me know if anything does n't work .
so let me just thanks again to everyone who has helped me through my and my dog 's crisis .
where is the sun and warm weather ?
i just came back from coffee with the owner !
he even printed out my on easy that s what i call service .
it 's brought to you by .
for bonus points , complete this song from the movie with .
can this network of production and be are with the office with social group somehow to create a .
clear channel signs jesse jackson to host sunday radio talk show .
it looks like hope has a fairly short NUM minute show , minus about NUM minutes probably .
much to do this weekend .
link courtesy of .
i took his picture as he flew by .
location : somewhere over western ny .
i can almost hear the of your plane at you spot the other plane from your window .
testing blogger for my site .
kind of lame for a first entry .
of these , two are critical .
what has been on your mind lately ?
if you had to , would u rather freeze to death dying or burn to death ?
i * always * it seems that so i 'm going to hang out here for a while .
ha like you have a choice .
make sure i do that , ?
i mean really , i did nothing to it , i swear .
it when i do n't shower , it while i shower and then after i shower .
while at the same time , hate almost everything new i 've tried .
though the occasional bit of chocolate would n't hurt right ?
today , have all but given up trying to figure it out .
modern .
it seems i 'm posting ok on the group and paradise blogs .
in NUM 's new york city , .
sam .
that purse to a tough cookie named candy , played by jean .
this is had when this when , after hearing that on him , skip says , .
they on south street .
a six baby !
think of all you could do !
you could be little children away , but then win back their by by this bar into your car .
carbs wind up on .
from last line .
a break may occur when a bone is twisted , struck directly , or used to practices against a
so much for a balanced , meal .
i see at least once every days especially at the museum .
i want to go up to the and talk to them , but i .
they 'd put their in and what ? ''
they are a dry , mean people but i love them still .
.
i just did n't understand the reason , yet .
she had stripes on her arms .
i dropped the subject , but am still unsure what to do what happens if she hits cutting .
stolen directly from : bush and lay regularly , despite bush 's claims
she gave me some rather new information to .
both of my parents now are this involved '' with someone else .
for reasons i wo n't discuss here , i am not sure that is so wise !
the worst part is i do n't , but my parents are stereotypes at the field then i am .
yes , it was a big day , and all in .
tim said you should 've got him to come home and sign all of his books .
i ca n't wait for that
, i 'm sure it was that fellow fellow , because i ai n't seen or heard from the
he was offering them boxes of red attached to rubber bands .
after a few years hands changed mostly the bum continued .
i was gon na have a real job if i could n't keep my lips . ''
homer .
well , he was n't , really .
crying like a little girl is what it sounded like to me .
just like when a little girl starts because she has chocolate ice cream on her new party dress .
maybe he .
he 's supposed to represent ? like an subjective , ai n't he ?
well , i sure hope .
those these are probably ready for some new jokes , now that they 've heard all of n't .
it 's times like these i bet this just really the .
this is not one of those times .
also , all of the wore . ''
and finally , there 's this , which i liked :
i want to get rid of my constant swearing and my post with my drip .
i want get rid of my painful disorder .
i want my red blood cells to carry up without a wall of a computer line 's it free .
so , i quit smoking .
having a blast
the only rules being those that on me .
just keep things cool and adult and everyone should enjoy themselves .
but right now it looks like does n't support that .
i 'd also like to provide a social that 's perspective and research on the issues of the day .
so join me and leave a comment or two .
i have a huge decision ahead of me .
yes its a ship in office see i just would know what i should do .
see we have been now for about NUM months .
anyway , she is the only support that i have out here in .
she said it 's because she hates what she did to me and share i email she is reminded .
so here the e night night came in .
i guess move home and or travel and take a year off of college .
does anyone want NUM cats ?
the will start soon .
i 'm sure this would be a fun .
is our is man on the inside for this one what 's the word , ?
with talk about a short .
as of press time , they had not been killed . ''
another burger night at the deer park - oh , how i love them !
why should bring back the ? ''
so we 've started that they bring back the !
always makes for an interesting mix and we get to hear some good stories .
and a '' local author '' who with just for three months in jail .
have n't had one of those in a while .
my roommate got a new couch , it 's nice .
i 'm glad i have something to do tomorrow , though .
nice work photo by .
i am so tired !
and then comes the sad part , leaving our little street house new from sniff completely sniff .
i am all my hair off !
web job at a conference for it , marketing and people are easy to pick out of people for the
and so we , ladies and gentlemen , have wireless internet access everywhere in the building in which the
now , against that .
i am trying to resist the urge to the shore 's shore food .
ok , i 'll from further from .
i 'm on the hunt for this .
that 's all for now .
went to the .
not in a bad way .
joan again she 's pretty cute .
mrs. is probably the most creepy character ever !
their happiness seemed to work around the men .
though low key , it was incident free , and that is an important victory .
three and a half hours flew by and i did n't even notice .
sara and i are going up to detroit today , although the detroit of arts 's closed is on the
in of culture , we 'll take .
that is , of course , unless he 's too busy to want to see us .
perhaps i 'll have to start thinking like a man before i start to worry .
and then last night , both of sara 's phones were .
good thing everyone is okay .
we pride ourselves in saying this stands for indian time .
at my work place we have a daily meeting to review any during the day .
is to a larger extent the reflection of one 's - .
i had to the net to find a web hosting space to my cool this loan pic .
ok , i think i could write here all day , even though this is my first time writing .
i am my beautiful check !
i considered dying it !
i go to work on thursday !
things are moving , i 'm somewhat busy , and i 'm feeling more like my normal crazy .
why does my work one day and not the next ?
what will happen if i call in sick ?
do i care what thinks ?
should i dye my hair again ?
shit , do i have a fine ?
that 's my mind folks .
in fact it kept me from sleep for quite a while last night .
it just kept right on running , until i . it with a little .
maybe a little war and peace or something .
i would just like to point out that only jerry and have commented on my blog .
i know that i am thought and often repeat myself .
please bitch though .
scroll tonight , .
you might think that i am .
okay , i am done now .
i deserve a new cd .
the other day , he said this you look really good today '' .
coz i have a joint account with my dad .
way to give my a boost .
and love well , love stinks .
but really , i think i have to my blogs .
i just talk about the same things anyway .
vs i am going to go far beyond what other are saying in picking the winner of this .
well , .
i am picking minnesota to win this series at home in game NUM .
the key to this series in my mind will be the ability of and to put points .
i know the lakers have and kobe , but this year it has n't gone very far past .
this series should be great .
i knew a young man in germany named who ' at a building at site where i was .
though his fellow workers , he did n't stop his daily reading .
when the workers went home at night , they always left their with boots behind .
the men were at work by first but then that was the one only among them who would be the
only eternity will reveal the full effect of 's shining life .
jesus said , let your light so shine before men before , that they may .
a christian 's life is a window through which others can see jesus .
ow - my head hurts .
now i 'm suffering the consequences , but also feeling like it was worth it .
we 'll call them and .
NUM -- a highway that leads you right to the park , through some of - 's less .
ideally , including a huge cooler and an electric travel cooler filled with NUM cases of of the .
we hit the highway and make it within about NUM miles of wilson bridge before traffic 's got .
the and are right are behind us .
but , unfortunately , she says there are no cigarettes in the car .
next time traffic , i 've got it in park and i 'm in ' north ' on the
and a few feet later we 're stopped .
then b finds her own cigarettes in her bag .
it 's a big '' can '' in , ' russia kit . ''
first up , the ingredients .
it 's not just a clever marketing who have a in u which in to keep your ingredients in a
as a spoon , hopefully after you 've used it as a .
all of a sudden , it on us what the energy is .
which , well , cracks us up .
, how many things can we come up with for the can . ? '' '
i say , . you can give birth in it you can shit in it . ''
she starts screaming , be stop , stop !
you 're thinking , , ?
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha . ! ''
hook , line , .
sweat literally running off us christ , my knees were sweating .
after a great weekend and .
next , the .
this thing 's huge !
the poison discussion set on for another $ NUM hours or so do n't step there !
in pesky honey your , what are those . ''
be careful be -- !
what do you know mike ? ''
q one , . -- aim galleries from the open ! ''
i do i do smoke , '' i said .
anyway , darkness falls and so does the temperature -- by about NUM degrees .
we 've got rain gear .
then , about NUM minutes later , it 's over .
perfect time to get our drink on -- and for to out that his cock .
actually , he 's quite good at it !
get used to it , wonder tells me .
and late night , his junk in sticks !
i do n't smoke . ''
then the gets .
what do you know mike ? ''
we is the thee , ! ''
blah , blah , blah .
ca n't find .
we search the garbage .
we yell , as if he 's kicked someone 's best friend in the .
b and i decide to a this by .
we wander , in hand in , away from our office and down the road to surprise some .
then , without warning , . gets .
while we giggle in bed for the next hour night stop laughing
then b says , .
i was like , .
oven oven .
tent door open open .
then it 's our turn to work .
we crack us up .
i 'm not i put in there -- there are !
what let 's go to the ! ''
then , after several hours , an effort to go on an adventure .
then we drive to the beach crawling with children .
then we drive to the dog beach , thinking it would be empty .
so we head back to the .
good night ! ! ''
i think i even heard a deer blink .
at about NUM : NUM , i hear a scream and then laughing .
one guy laughed , then durham .
she also asked if they liked her shirt .
message from a job that my dog 's sick .
one of our dogs was old , had some in his lungs , and was n't expected to the
now i 'm in the car , broke , crying , driving north until i can get a cell .
homer hey , i think the sun is coming out . ''
laughed at some and their horrible new england .
then we hit the beach .
she , with infinite wisdom , rising back , . huh .
ten seconds later , b .
that takes a walk .
he goes to the bathroom and we pretend to leave .
.
step aside and let girl have this morning right .
then , the smell of lighter is at us from a from .
then , a loud '' as '' their fire dies down NUM seconds later .
then it starts to pour down rain .
we 're laughing about bringing them a lit log while we are on their office .
in NUM minutes , that bottle was dry .
beer at this point was low low .
suddenly , and i mean out of no where , b .
that left me and in the rain in , the wet , drunk ?
in my mind , i 'm .
i laid down next to wonder , the tent started to spin , and i sat .
then i at myself when i realized that the ?
that set me free , then went to bed .
i have to piss like a race horse .
on my way , i notice a pile of vomit right outside our tent .
a oh , it 's mine '' she says being the only one who had corn the night .
to bed into back , i feel a thick .
they 're stuck in my skin from just laying down .
both of us ponder this phenomenon .
then she ! back into bed .
homer did he piss himself ? ''
no had , i do n't think so , '' ? says -- , as she would be herself .
nor can i figure out now why i 'm wearing b 's shirt .
then i am , .
once we were all packed up , .
ideally and headed off headed on their NUM hour journey back to new york .
when we got to to get gas , we both jumped out on a mission .
homer i have something i want to give you , '' she says and hands us a .
b says ! thanks , '' and it from her as she had home up the window .
they had to pull over before they even hit the .
and even then , i made husband do it .
ca n't wait for part .
and i do n't think only the americans are to blame for this .
i said that i was at work and she replied by telling me that was the way they do n't
this is the ' way around the '' list '' that the state set up .
if they do n't find you at work , they 'll call your cell .
they 're like .
today we did .
i guess the weather partly has to do with it , but i usually really enjoy the rain !
better get . '
at least its not due till tomorrow at NUM .
technically , the blog exists since march NUM .
i 'm fucking years old and i 'll never be able to buy a cuban house at this .
it 's my fucking money !
my wedding anniversary was this last sunday , ask me what we did .
we could n't even afford to go out to dinner !
what the fuck do i have to do , make a deal with fucking satan ?
i am so tired of the fucking rat race because its full of , fucking rats .
i live my life right and do what i feel is the right thing and it all is aside it
oh , well , i guess that 's fucking life .
i 'll be with no money and only figured of good times , but i 'll live .
i feel the darkness !
i do n't give in .
be next time , goodbye .
so here 's mine may not be actually the same tomorrow , and was probably different yesterday .
so here is an top NUM .
what of the lost this NUM .
days fans , i call upon you to accept the new , job version of dew .
do n't make her cry like this again !
i have come to the realization that having no friends gives me a unique perspective on things .
i do n't have anyone that i am in other than my best friend that is my wife .
someone to shoot the breeze with and talk about the yard .
i have this strange for dragging the ties craziness out of almost any stranger without even asking .
tina 's suggestion about this girl who does good for money , was already taken thanks anyway .
yesterday , at around NUM ' o clock , we went to our .
according to him , everyone , living living here in usa should have a written will .
they can send it to any house , it can be a house or it can be a good .
, alot of these were their with their families .
the '' is '' actually another tiny blog .
that 's why we have post titles .
we can use them .
more on the butterfly note , read about the danger of the sun .
, is still feeling sick .
btw the mail you to me , i could n't understand a single word of it .
there were some skill sets required that i have never before heard of .
were you able to change your email options in yahoo ?
my usual question , where did you get it from ?
it is always useful in case i need to get background information on the article .
the link to 's fan site is to show that art and of art is capable .
i do n't seem to find a theatre where they show movies by foreign film other than other .
we talk about the that each person faces when they live outside their comfort zone .
i 'm just sharing some of the feelings a person goes through when living on the edge .
power is n't all that money in indeed .
i do n't intend to include any that i reference on a regular basis .
blogs alas , a blog : a week , political political blog .
there are now three other .
a daily read for me .
i do n't know this , but i think she 's smart and funny and i love her blog .
i ca n't remember which blog i started reading first , but i think it was this one .
do not click this link if you are under NUM .
by the way , if the latter is true of you , why on earth do you like .
hell : this is one of the most genius blogs on the web .
the posts are bitching and complaining that can not be done anywhere but an anonymous group blog .
i do n't remember how i first stumbled across 's site .
we have the same name , for one thing .
i 'm sure to the left , she 's a conservative republican .
i 'm a lazy to , she 's a law student .
plus , sometimes she 's really funny .
creature corner is 's baby sister , a site devoted entirely to horror .
i think he wants to run the world .
start with the story about the baby . ''
union .
now he works as an for office who are being lives over by the union designed to protect .
it 's my papa , look at it anyway .
of course you do .
the is her is advice column which i have attempted to rip off .
type in the meaning , it gives you the word .
part NUM , my reads , will be up soon .
here 's me and chris off the ?
the best thing about the story is the little table showing how many related .
i 'm off to register .
and while that may mean i wo n't sleep at all by , how good i feel now .
on my two last days of work ?
i may even take my shoes off .
and you know what i realized ?
but i did n't do it .
last night my dream involved going to grad school .
sometimes i wish i were more .
sometimes i wish i were more .
i got up this morning and fed them .
spike the does n't bother the at all .
speaking of spike , he was digging around in the rocks last night .
i 've decided i 'd like to get one more green .
i might get one next week when i go get my water tested at the fish store .
spiritual attraction stephanie and others have been guys on campus , what makes a female attractive than ?
it 's interesting to hear what people say .
too bad , i ca n't do that .
i think rather complicated .
i told them i 'd get back with my answer .
i still hold a . against the guy in high school who told my the ending of in the .
anyway , today at work , said he 'd seen any the village '' this weekend .
i mean , giving away the ending to an m. night .
so what did proceed to do ?
he did n't actually give away the movie , but still .
i can take into the at least i am a really well .
already drives me insane , i do n't tease him about his .
i know the feeling -- though , back in the day , never printed mine .
the only thing is , rich 's response was , well , loaded .
turns out that rich is the arts writer with one of the 's that man , the .
care to check out the 's ?
click on this link to one of 's biggest fan sites , and you 'll be good to be a
still living with only NUM hours of sleep .
not feeling so good today .
i met jamie and holly yesterday .
its funny how things work out sometimes .
well i have to go .
have a good day !
to help the picture of george and laura 's from , make sure to call your today .
anyway , went job hunting today .
anything is better than i have now .
hope my luck shall be different this time .
i got there like NUM minutes late , and so the only computer left was one that was n't .
i said . '
i did n't know what to say , so i just said ' i guess so . '
also , the other day i was at this party and there was this foreign woman there with the
but i definitely would have liked to .
her boobs her for pizza .
hard slept in the same bed as .
went to high school with david from friends .
he emailed to see if he could meet with me after work tomorrow and bring in girl .
he 's acting like a teenage a freaky teenager .
would you believe it , that people actually read this . ?
i guess my job may soon disappear .
he emailed me and ask me if i am , and i say how to hear me .
so who says that the net is useless
both of these trips were great .
even if it 's sometimes exhausting i find it really exciting and quite interesting .
and at the moment , it 's very pleasant to live here especially where this is terribly past in the
what are your plans ?
and do n't forget that you 're really welcome to come and stay at my place .
'' one of day .
and mary , after all the pain is gone , i 'm always going to live to be your life
since no friends here in our watching all the movies without fail .
on the subject of abuse of iraqi by NUM us troops , may i just say that it was a
we would n't want us citizens in prison elsewhere in the world to be treated in this manner .
they now say that the soldiers who did this did n't know the the convention rules .
they were from oklahoma and they finally stopped the daughter in florida .
anyway , the article goes : million years march set for sat .
organized by a of the office of teddy , will march from village to battery park .
may day .
you 'll find links to blogs you visit and links for some you do n't but wish you did n't
and where would we be without a little little in the library during finals week .
it would seem that someone 's imagine has gotten away from them , but that 's what interests us .
NUM .
just click here .
i 'm going to want to them with boys and about a very special kind of the .
it 's the one you do all by yourself , yourself .
the one you suspect will end in tears and not those kind of tears , you pain .
i care for you all very much .
and all the good advice and tales you are going to give me will be apt and .
i 'm sure and !
it is worth it .
part of the charm : the night walk you through 's evolution via the museum , in sydney and the
jumping from bad news to good news so i get getting a shot with fine with me .
i turned over most of my work to work our new .
im sure most of the clients of my transfer .
this transition period is really new to me .
so its like , i just have to review what i did before .
ill definitely show the that i might do better with my new job .
- issue , : short form art , - have you seen any short films ?
i 've been married interested in short forms .
early .
the perfect one minute song in my film would be performed in one minute .
an artist has n't found '' an audience of part , me says of until , they 've become .
so that 's why i 'm excited about the idea of .
to try to start a here in middle eastern ohio .
and my front are fairly for right now .
but at the same time , god , i hate him much !
maybe i should just charge them more or something .
i am getting too old , too fast .
now i have to pay the taxes , get the title and buy with another night i can pick .
my room is nice and clean ; i rock .
the other night after my class , he was shouting at people for not throwing money into his hands .
dia !
what sort of mind thinks that those in the rat race have so much money to spare to fund .
what a to way exist to in the world .
: p going off to have with my colleagues .
my job met her after her lessons
ate @ thai thai rest .
sent her to work
picked her up after work met up with more .
summer means lots of time to play outside .
as big sister , i think i have married rights
this is taking spare time to the extreme .
you 've been invited to a fancy ball but the only thing you have to wear is an orange .
gee , that 's a .
because i have the attention span of a sometimes .
so anyway , an update on the on in on my life since june .
let 's not how very much i hate .
what was wrong , you ask ?
i am a high fever and passed out while visiting friends and woke up in a hospital bed having .
you know , in that not so slightly way .
crazy took a zero sympathy on that and continued to make me do , yeah .
one that was supposed to be finished july NUM , but she was able to get an office until the
it involved the airport , a ticket agent , the lack of birth or certificate and , a .
crazy about lost her life that week .
and clean my apartment .
i hate having guests that are n't my good friends .
i have a life to live here , people .
i never ever ever want to go to another college orientation for parents again .
let me tell you a little secret : this was the most painful experience of my life .
i never noticed this before , but this phrase drives me .
also , i am absolutely terrified by a pitch black sky and the silence of the middle of nowhere .
but i was wrong , so very very wrong .
my favorite moments where the parents absolutely this out about the meal plans .
i guess i 'm just to be amused by speakers who repeat good morning until the audience .
i honestly wonder if i was suffering from an to reaction the of the to the .
it made me wish it was a symbol of a brain or out .
previous that i 've been forced to be , i 've managed to find other people to the .
my sister is going to go to a work that is mostly full of boys .
i do n't think i like boys .
but the entire campus of boy .
which reminds me , i need to start working on my side project that ties into this .
and then i had to be polite to everyone at the table .
one story , my wife and i dropped our son off in his dorm room .
and my wife nearly lost it there .
i was sure to more absent oh my child is so wonderful '' than a person should ever be .
perhaps later i will entertain you with stories from the of hell .
but enough about me .
the best part of waking up is in your cup .
break me off a piece of that .
we 'll make mike .
this is not your father 's sandra .
it 's everywhere you wan na be .
graduation has come and gone .
and i really do n't feel too much differently than i did last week .
i find there 's in in doing .
and that seems to take care of most things .
i wish things could be between us .
but i suppose it 's their choice .
today is absolutely beautiful out .
and i 'm sitting here at the computer ?
a common is responsible for NUM years at a hospital hospital over the last NUM months .
compare sea of the lord how bout that then ;
scroll before a new operation pencil your practices -- you may live . ''
wow - you can tell how productive i am at work today .
and it actually comes on a plate or bowl .
i just needed a good lunch .
no wonder i have trouble losing those extra pounds i 'm always trying to get rid of .
and i wonder why .
now that i 'm on several levels , back to work !
i 'm only going to start at today .
i 've been very sad lately , personal trouble you understand .
it was directly from the father of lies .
i remembered that we are to love others as we love ourselves .
not with pride or .
down my wife and on the pillow .
it is a painful process .
each day i read a new chapter and pray for that area in his life .
it was on these very things , these thoughts , these lies .
this morning i will at NUM : NUM in perfect .
i made the long reach from the bed to the floor and picked up the book .
why do the chapters always with my heart ?
i need that perfect love right now .
i read the chapter , praying for and over and the in .
scroll NUM : NUM i hear the lord , and he heard me , and delivered me from all .
i 'm not , i mean , kidding .
if they only knew how i force myself to do things that i 'm terrified of .
just sitting on the , thinking .
something screaming , take what take you can get '' .
i just started saying .
i know that it sounds silly to say that i was so scared of going to church that i have
on the cover of the office was the verse , i .
god sure is a funny guy .
i 'm not kidding when i say that the guy was talking directly to me .
he sees my struggle and my pain and is helping me through it .
NUM years NUM : several days ago i felt something moving me to read .
many of the same and and in my this reading , prayer reading , church and this book .
god has compassion on his people in their .
but he also sees how i can be be and made whole .
to cast aside my fears and the what '' what of the future .
i know that the enemy is coming out in force now .
i want so badly to be changed .
so many that are about growing into deep ? sin that i refuse to give up .
a small chicken who will be given the heart of a lion .
today 's strip was funny and provided me with some memories as well as being thought .
for those who do n't know , were almost become a level of passage in the .
i wore them a lot during my years .
i replies that pete wears the knees of his jeans out really fast because he 's always outside jaben .
it occurred to me as i was reading this strip that i did n't even know if were not .
a of the job website shows me that they sadly are not making them any more .
is it because they 're out of fashion ?
did you know that is by the as a drug with a high abuse potential .
i do n't argue with the fact that there are out there through there cause attention .
but i think there are a little job people read ' who suffer from this who .
when they encounter something that interests them whether for the first time or the time , they .
today 's society is filled with more families .
they have nothing but structure in their lives .
they do these things because they are told to do them by their parents .
is n't a choice .
if little says , says i am n't want to do any of those things .
that is not an acceptable alternative .
my mom was a mom .
he was a job who made his own schedule -- and she was there when we got home from the
i was asked if i wanted to try things out : tonight at the elementary school .
i did n't stick with any of them except for .
i was a lucky kid .
well , it was the country when i was growing up in it .
what was the country is a bedroom community now .
there was plenty of open space and plenty of room to do as i pleased .
but that was n't a bad thing .
i did have a few friends nearby who would come over and we 'd do all sorts of things .
big top is a really good comic and it has some really funny .
that 's ok , though .
it was , in the end , a sad commentary on the way we treat our children today .
figured i 'd take a this chance to make a post since it 's been a week or so .
i woke up about hours later and could n't hardly breathe and i had a headache individually .
usually when i feel like this , it 's the of a of infection .
yesterday was fun , after all .
very sweet and .
i give to you , the comic big weddings dog , star wars wars .
the finished : blogging does friday in an hour -- this is going to make me cry .
he was badly hurt .
life here is not easy , or may i say life is difficult .
to them , all other people are working in order to their desire to , let them rob to
these will be the first people i will their face and of their job of * * * * .
i pray for my family members well being every now and then .
yes those dreaded things known as exams are finally through and done with .
the last i heard from myself , i was rambling on about .
had my little birthday party , to most , NUM days in advance .
but my legs really hurt today though .
this calls to mind a baby quote by my good friend .
another view of our room at the in san diego .
we 'll play for a buck a hole .
the sad thing is that i lost my lucky .
gum to singapore to weigh spending that to i 've learning finally how to do things more .
i finally got my gmail account !
now , i am all in awe of gmail 's view .
maybe some one did , and i missed it ?
it offers this entire thread in one view as a conversation .
gmail also have .
among parties using gmail this convention becomes to the conversation view .
one simply has to take care to not be the subject line .
that , to me is very irritating .
here 's to gmail !
it was scary and lonely and overwhelming .
if everyone would do what they had to do to help others , the world would be a lot of
i 'm so thankful to him and to all those serving our country .
his father , .
homer 's brother jason is also in the army .
the good news is he will be returning to us from just in a couple weeks !
jason 's wife is an amazingly strong woman and she has made it through the with such with .
anyhow and i , along with 's folks 's wedding and anna , are all driving up to the .
; - so soon will be joining me up here on cloud nine !
some people 's are people that are famous , rich , attractive , .
turns out , we were actually here and went back to find our bodies twisted in the .
this is the way things go with me sometimes .
- last night i watched a bit of professional wrestling .
it is always the same old , tired .
the same old characters are in the same old matches , over and over again .
in the days gone by , wrestling seems to move more quickly from match to match , to work .
it is tiring , and my interest in this kind of entertainment has as a result .
i am quite glad i went ahead and bought the of set .
it 's kind of a pride thing , with me , which is probably what makes the bed so i
there is n't really much to say about it , nor is there much i want to say about it
mostly because if i do n't i will be letting myself down .
but , back to being sad .
i do n't want anything fancy .
but i am sure that in a couple of days i will be back on the the yes '' .
but , who knows ?
i could use a little one way or the other .
i think it is part of the reason i have bad dreams at night whenever i read , i have
perhaps this cursed book is causing them .
perhaps i need a little in this department , too .
this guy really me out me .
his face mostly shows his age .
he is at things in the bathroom .
staring for what seems to be an amount of time .
- i 'm going to go home today and not know what to eat for dinner .
- tonight i think i will have a glass of wine .
not that my tastes are that expensive .
- today i am not tired of my work work my is tired of me .
my cat loves it .
last night i found it far , far under my couch .
this morning , when i went to gather her toys before i left for work , i could not get
i took a second to look under the couch for it to no avail .
his reasonable reply : you hate , do n't you ?
but oh no !
i had already started feeling dizzy enough .
soon it was total darkness where we were sitting which .
i was going to tell goddess how darkness could be when i felt a head lying itself on the
i felt cold sweat from out my from - as and goddess and .
exhausted , i asked , . better now ? ''
see you tomorrow then .
as i turned around to leave , he .
now just rest . ''
if you have n't started rolling your eyes yet i guarantee you will soon if not in a .
i bit my lower lip .
i bit my upper lip .
i said . he said he loved me . ''
i said , .
goddess nodded and said , . let 's go , idiot . ''
he is here again .
i mean we took '' .
i pulled myself together , smiled back and realized the party was almost over .
i saw curiosity in his eyes .
and meant everything was alright .
she just celebrated her first birthday NUM months ago today .
they also lived in in moved and back to work to be closer to friends and family .
and it seems to work !
the first porn i have ever found that i was by by !
now this was not just this !
we spent about twenty minutes each other each to turn it off with no luck .
he will probably be moved out within a week .
so i have a new diet plan and it seems to work .
do ya ? ''
i just know it !
what a weekend weekend .
it took . boys an hour , so we did n't actually get on the road until NUM .
it was a gorgeous night , sunny and cool , and we were literally three blocks from downtown .
it was wonderful to sit and talk and gullible the sun and .
paul went to bed early , so i went back to work lights and bought a fun .
we had .
peter got pie and i had a key pie - the first - i 've had since the .
i knew where i needed to be - i just did n't know how to get there !
we shared a weekend of and four different sp .
the was unique and - and i really felt that it made the plot .
by the time we got home we were a little bit - and definitely crashed right away .
we laid around until noon , when we met my aunt nancy at the buffet in .
we chatted for a couple of hours - gave me my graduation present , a fabulous .
it really made the experience service - you could compare the three years at the same time and throughout the
kevin and his looked does two , but as they 'd forgotten some other cousins , it was n't .
it was so sweet .
what a wonderful weekend .
in any case , i cant remember if i got out of my paycheck or not .
my friend has a blog and it 's now able to see what 's going on in her .
the following questions are examples of what i feel might be helpful to other .
what are your dating nightmare stories ?
do you use an online service ?
do you have any tips as to the best way to fill out the online ?
there are probably others i have n't thought of .
thanks for taking the time to read my blog , i look forward to hearing your thoughts !
nonetheless it would be of me not to report on which us to allowed us to in the .
you have you got able to be with both live at on any '' - '' so now you .
how did i let it slip away ?
time for pizza and beer , i 'm getting drunk .
the job will be for the first time in NUM years in the wedding section of thursday 's NUM .
must have own outfit with .
i am so excited !
mom and dad are cooking , .
throwing my ball , my head , and testing my new learned this weekend , i love it .
another knock on the door , more people are here to see me !
i can t wait to jump up and welcome them !
there is another little dog here .
this house is all about me .
i follow this little dog all around the house .
my toys are all mine and he better not lay a on them .
this is not right !
he is a !
he is so little ; i could get him up in an instant ; never to be seen again .
what is she thinking ; this is not hers , she is my mom !
i am going to work and discrimination until she puts that thing down !
have i no rights in my own house .
i hope she on it !
he loves me , he knows that i am his ; he knows that i am special .
i can t believe that she even touched that little ugly worthless .
does she not know that this little is worthless ?
in the morning , i will show her a lesson .
morning has come , i have to pee !
ah , there is dad ; my dad , my wonderful dad .
i can t wait to go inside where i will ignore her .
not for her anyway !
i love my husband , things can find another dog !
it was cool , i met up with some people that i had not seen since i moved from .
he was a lot taller than me , but he looks exactly as that same kid i remember playing .
wow , it 's already been a full day since jimmy and i left for .
i hope to write such things , that will keep you coming back and i hope you 'll write .
so if you want to play with me , please , do n't .
trailer for sandy 's new movie .
from the folks that make the game .
instead of going back to the original laws for the , the whole weight of tradition must be taken .
but it is also based on the common sense of its , rather than a of reading reading .
this is very interesting , and may require some before i comment .
any would be would be would be rebel if he tried to steal my money , since i have to
in fact , i went in to the doctor 's yesterday without having slept at all that night .
will i ever get back to normal again ?
in my work outlook , i have NUM email messages .
it is a bit job at this point , and i am tempted to delete them all and start .
have you even just totally keep something you were working on because it was n't going the way you .
i hear .
my friend was .
have you ever seen an old friend out of the blue over the internet ?
have any old friends or lovers ever ?
i 've looked up a few women that i 've known .
i am the this type .
did it have any negative results ?
i probably have a really interesting about , but alas , i have forgotten it .
survivor , fear factor , the amazing race , big brother , the bachelor and so on .
would you ever actually consider signing up for one ?
i do n't watch them and i would n't want to be on them .
the .
have you ever considered that function ?
beer .
i could n't live without 's window .
there is a free trial version on the net , but the full program is well worth the .
when did it start ?
would anyone think less of you if they knew about it ?
well , i suppose i have some .
bonus : am i loud enough ?
lately i 've been
since my one of the speakers blew on my office , i have n't felt like listening to music .
i would n't recommend it to anyone .
it was a dumb , . death wish '' type of movie .
i would n't recommend it to anyone .
very bad movie , not recommended to anyone .
dean was decent too , i guess .
i played some of it for her before , but she forgot .
reading : i finished had .
sidenote : i had to cancel out of practice this week .
i really enjoyed playing with !
i 'd been wanting to try one for a couple months .
mom went nuts at the grocery store and bought a bunch of killer food .
feeling : frustrated beyond belief .
planning : the same things i 've been planning for the last five or six fucking weeks .
the - of .
i used to tease co because used i wonder to love to clean like crazy when she got down .
i remembered this while ! the on my job a while ago .
cleaning does feel good , i feel do my little status asking , slightly i am so her bad .
i miss some old friends , i miss my family , i am enjoying my new life , and i
postcount the ' ; | postcounttb 'NUM ' ;
no , i am not a daily blogger .
i guess i do n't know whether i should post regular old daily life stuff .
it will be brief .
you must have some knowledge of the effect you could have on the road other people 's lives .
when a child you are the someone 's life .
why ca n't we require some knowledge before allowing people to ?
what i do n't agree with is when the teacher is not involved at all the students are practically .
this weekend i 'm looking forward to a lovely weekend , an end to a long week .
it is an army in the for sense .
put simply , the enemy has gone . ''
welcome to a long and dirty war . ''
as most of you may know , laura is getting me a tattoo on the small of my back .
anyway , i am trying to decide on what to get and have been looking into to dew .
click on the link to see the , it is an ancient symbol for and dew for the .
had to be at work early yesterday .
we had a few release in the morning and lucky me i was the one to test that it was
i had to fix a couple of bugs on the way .
in any case it all worked well in the end .
is wrong .
i just saw a night cut someone off in traffic .
i really hope so .
but if that was a .
dragon says , yeah , and then will you be cutting people off in traffic ! ''
this is .
a closer look at some of the other flower plants there .
i 've done tons of research for my trip , and will probably book my in the next time .
i 'm not going to one of the most amazing cities in the world to sleep in a room .
i think i need to my thoughts on it for a separate post .
also started and finished new another code was very good , glad i finally got around to the .
make me look at the passion so much more differently and how mary was .
got my results today was happy .
he is one sexy from clinton that is .
and who are we to judge a little night time .
he was america 's first black state president .
i 'm sure there 's other stuff which is even more .
so i want to go watch again .
we are hoping to do some volunteer work for them on weekends also some material / the .
i know the pains of love and the scars of hate .
i know my limits i know how to break them .
you 'll never break me .
and i 'll always be free .
truth on kerry 's for record ?
but it seems there 's something wrong with them .
it 's very interesting .
how come big media has n't got a hold of it yet ?
could they be trying to cover for ?
lies upon lies just keep building up in the kerry camp .
last night was a very fun night of sports , drinking , music and drinking .
i rushed out of work early !
i guess you have to give us credit .
after the game we went and saw my friends ' band .
unfortunately , during my fun times my friend ryan was getting drunk and i had to take him .
during the course of our relationship year i was subject to criticism and because i occasionally smoked .
when he broke up with me the second time , i started up again and then quit .
i 'd just be happy that he wants to kiss me again ; p
oh yeah , i forgot to mention one more weird .
even dead , .
i wish i were out selling space instead better than sitting here doing nothing .
consequently .
i do n't see faces .
i just see dark shade bodies , ' in around .
again , lived as great lives .
i do n't see peoples hearts i do n't see peoples mind i do n't see nothing but .
i 'd like to explore it further , but i wanted to post my early results .
let me know what you think .
for me i have a book to read and NUM papers to write .
i still do n't know who sent me that .
and while the world was waiting we 're overwhelmed by some sensation of something long ago and far away .
i just thought i would share some of mine with you .
it is , as i have already said , a spiritual bond through god and an act of god .
if you are gay , then i have no problem with being what i have always been your .
as you know , i am not perfect by any stretch of the imagination , nor would i ever .
i have learned over the NUM years i have been alive that i am wrong a lot .
god 's word and his are this are that remain constant and never change .
but time washed away hope and with it came shattered dreams .
well what could i ever do to make things right between god and myself long story short .
well should i get what i do n't deserve or get what i think i deserve .
it 's kind of obvious which road i have chosen at least when i try to stay on .
him and doing his will when i have been shown it .
i pray for you everyday .
god always listens , and answers in his own time and his own way .
george bush resume this is the resume of our president , george w. bush jr .
read it and think about it on election day .
why do you think they are pushing for voting voting ?
why do you think they are have not having a paper ?
the city of , the largest of voting are machines voting is a republican .
what exactly does that mean ?
the complete opposite of the .
.
i just said that . that ? ?
the speed seems to be better than ever , too -- up above for work at times .
not that i want to .
too often hate crime bills never make it .
you do n't even have to be part of an organization to sign on .
let 's give the family some form of justice .
a quick order from nintendo further from acts violence , of , and in -lrb- told their former and our
NUM has NUM passed the assembly floor and now for the the .
never to amaze me .
i do n't have anything in particular to say , but i feel like typing .
she 's trying to sit in a spot where there is something in her way , but she .
she looks at it , but does n't move .
she 's trying to climb up my chair .
my baby is NUM months old and only within the last couple of months i have started to enjoy .
to be honest , i never really liked it .
my boobs would easily get , causing more and more pain .
oh , and when we travel -- ugh !
on top of that , every article of clothing i owned smelled like spoiled milk .
i finally have that this feeling that i 've heard about from outside with .
other times she just wants to be close and .
but i wo n't hold my breath .
the is light them to an inch '' we were supposed to get saturday turned into a solid .
i 've only ever been driving in one accident , and that was not so much .
my apartment complex , however , was a sheet of ice .
: ah well , what can you do ?
i can not begin to tell you how this makes this makes .
last night we got to spend some time together , which was really nice .
hey , i am starting to get sure considering the fact that christmas is only a month and a few
when matthew ca n't take it anymore he a fist at him and sammy him home back him .
looks like has been around since NUM .
okay , so i just saw something cool on a random web page
so , i 'm going to start i think .
in fact , i think i 'm off to watch it again .
i already own NUM .
ca n't wait to write it out !
it 's called some kind of monster '' !
well , time to don a job and running shoes to run with !
q : what do you call a rebel for who just a crime ?
my apologies for the corny wars '' joke
= any other suggestions ?
what is going on here ?
oh well - i ca n't remember what it said so it ca n't have been that great .
quick smell these !
i would have bought a have rebel teddy and 16th who purchased if had n't been a of the
what will i do to while away my nights if i do n't have to chip ice off the
someone just gave me a case of beer .
he 's a guy who works here that i helped out by selling him something at a discount .
it 's still cold .
i have started on the side .
scroll out NUM years give or take a of water !
status : complete so today was the first day of our real of - .
all in all it was a rather successful day and all self !
on to the next adventure
big day for this girl .
and it is ending .
especially since i havent even purchased the right translation of about to meet my expectations .
i took an online exam this morning .
then ran out to the grocery store to buy a bunch of crap for the world .
too much too to keep writing .
scary in a very good way , you 're .
brought to you by quizilla funny asian man what 's your personality type ?
on saturday , , chris , and i hung out most of the day .
we took !
today i went shopping for some things i .
i purchased NUM makeup items there .
i heard they might the the musical .
hat second ! ''
it 's time to catch up on all the that i 've missed out on in the last night .
you have a really ugly past , one that description .
you 've become so that you 're that probably a member of the green party , or at least .
what people do understand about you is your , which has convinced people that you are at once .
what you see is vast , almost , and brings you fame additional .
take the book quiz at the blue .
-- rrb , bed , johnson .
you 're very cynical and you like looking out for the little guys .
click here to take this quiz brought to you by quizzes and personality tests .
you 're not really dangerous , but you are certainly a .
ok , i 'm starting to become extremely fucking thinking : which are you ?
you have a great time .
this is the german 's doing !
and they get the best seats !
huh : what classic movie are you ?
but you just ca n't close your heart to the things you do n't want to feel .
then , when he 's not looking , you can sneak out the window and borrow his car .
let the weekend .
still , it 's nice to be able to avoid the library for a couple days .
the company has agreed that i may take the new job for a test drive .
very nice of them
new job starts on tuesday and if all is well four weeks later i can chocolate my .
my car is in the shop and i need to shell out NUM dollars .
he knows that i am going back to university in NUM weeks and might need a little help .
i have not recieved any financial help from either parents since then .
i know - he wants to see me be .
very grateful to have the father that i do .
someday i would love to take him on a trip with me .
perhaps i should accept his help .
diet blog : sometimes i think i think about too much without much actually acting on it .
yeah guys , whatever .
got to see the fire works over the washington .
oh , and well there is this place .
your nature can lead would moments to which people keep taking graduate , or to .
i wish to think this is one of those .
i 'd rather be shot by a weekend than figured out by
starting to be higher of .
in plane .
is he from beyond the local group ?
will possibly guide ian to greater power / energy / etc .
where when ?
possible connection with original cave ?
group has been on several years through time and space .
connection to dragon 's ?
such as : , shadow of , demon ?
if .
from somewhere else ?
where did the night go ?
did it their from the human occupied ?
how do the figure into all this ?
kinds - do they truly seek to rule ?
what if any of to they ?
or just or ?
have the the them ?
all those of the blood of in the group have a said group .
is anyone seeking us out for this very reason ?
when did he walk - before or after the creation of the local group ?
what are the ' true intentions ?
seem more , this - connection to 's to work ?
here are some interesting quotes i got from reading an article from magazine .
both quotes are by howard .
i ca n't get no satisfaction i am sick .
and let me tell you how exciting channels are .
i really do miss work , as strange as that seems .
i 'll feel better , i guess .
the man is a woman genius , or he 's just full of practices knowledge .
put that man in a woman , and he could be a criminal .
normally i 'm not a regular tv , since my schedule does n't be regular behavior anything .
and the best and part is that ken writes his name differently every time .
that 's really all i 've been up to .
it stinks to be sick , but presents make just about everything better .
which good , since i have n't showered and i feel particularly .
been off work for a while sunday was a completely brilliant night .
it 's was birthday so there was karaoke and a late bar .
the won NUM odd night on that who would have thought that he 'd make it to .
flash vision of dancing with kerry to some or another .
good night i was seriously .
met in the in which was cool .
i mean if you do n't count her birthday then it is really ages .
sort it out t drinking .
although was taking it slow as t was n't drinking .
well that 's me anyway .
r email me you !
so the .
the problem is the fact that well over a dozen private schools get free public school service bus .
uh no , those should feel to go the public schools .
just because private school parents pay taxes does n't give them the right to demand public service for their
i demand that my tax dollars not go into education , but rather something that benefits me .
eating at weird times , not having my normal food .
unfortunately , i 've been .
and more than me , he is good .
the man after god 's own heart was not having from trouble , .
why then should we expect to escape ?
he passed over the of ditch , of through which the of of .
it is a great joy to believe that jesus has been tempted in all points like as we are .
the king has passed over all these .
over each of these the king has gone before us .
courage , soldiers of the cross , the king himself after going over , and so shall .
what famous leader are you ?
q '' an ; -- > grow your own holy .
learned of things of things , about domain , server hosting ,
i am react upload more stuff on my very first personal webpage .
okay , so i have a few things to say about the movie .
second of all , steve is what makes that movie great .
and any movie that loves this wonder is awesome .
hungry like the wolf .
i hope they have good .
dear susan , this is pretty neat .
i only have two questions : NUM .
is that .
i 'll bet that looks pretty cool when it happens .
the truth is there 's no such thing is digital privacy .
i told mum to help pay my bill .
i 'm running out of money NUM .
i may be going to china in june .
hmm , i how come can offer you NUM spots .
better call and ask .
sp you have your heart and mind set on your studies ?
he 's ! entertaining and pretty damn funny to boot .
it turns out that i will be attending this show free of charge .
dave , knowing from our endless conversations about music that i was a big .
you 've got a friendster more out of curiosity than anything else , i 've registered at the .
i have begun passing word around .
just trying this out .
did n't get busted so much as was his asked to leave '' the school .
he 's actually been hired by the and is now making what daddy was .
i do appreciate everyone who did get off the couch and flip off cnn to come down and see it
i also got ta call the -- teddy and rub it in their faces that there were no problems .
i point to the title of the album , rebel innocent eyes '' , at which point .
and the third would be his '' . ''
the basic problem is that the songs suck , and the whole thing comes across as office trying to be
i ordered them , they 'll be here at the end of may .
this means i have a firm deadline now .
i also spoke again to work , the guy who wants to rent .
he 's a nice , nice guy , totally .
he 's totally into clean living , no drinking , no smoking , .
i have such good feelings about these people .
people i can respect , people i would be thrilled to rent to .
he 's also the house that while it 's across the street from his favorite bar .
i know .
he 's sleeping in the dining room , poor guy .
he 's a neat freak , and he loves .
he 'd probably park one of his on them .
this is so funny everyone will enjoy it !
well , i 'll be .
and just generally remembering the of of .
this is a lie .
perhaps all - these or even writers of any kind , or artists more generally - are at the
i have n't worked out all of the job yet , but you see what i 'm getting at the
c ?
hollywood march NUM , NUM official site for the film eternal sunshine sunshine of the the .
sorry kids , the whole wings game on sunday , yeah that was my fault .
it wo n't happen again , not me cheering loud enough .
my performing career came to an end one february evening in NUM .
many of my former band mates had bigger .
afterwards , he would sell all his musical equipment , then taking a job as a maintenance man or the
he hooked up with some guys and formed a very popular alternative band in the late .
so long , in fact , that i had forgotten how it felt .
in a moment i 'd put my guitar in its case .
i 'd always said i would play music until it did n't feel right anymore .
the body the spirit and by all his not , , and , desire .
a friendship on business is business better than a business on friendship .
- will be some working are failed writers ; but so are most writers .
so amazing yesterday my post was successful after all .
so i sit and force thoughts out and sometimes it works and sometimes it does n't .
i was extended a job offer this morning .
i am so happy this is the beginning of so many things .
when i will have a home .
details , details , details its all about the details .
so here 's the in the plan .
i feel like the world 's biggest ass for not telling him about my plans to move to ms .
do i tell him now ?
should i stay , or should i go ?
i have a hard time saying sorry also .
and i booked our , what a load off that is also !
and i meet the cake lady who also does flowers tomorrow .
that is just too many for one for day .
where the hell did i get this ?
who will see them ?
for now , i take pleasure in my office .
in my own it , i find its colors together too like a vast universe ; darkness as the
i pray that it does not happen often .
sometimes it matters not if we pray .
either way , we must have faith in the words which reach the .
such a beautiful word the topic of many conversations , to many given names .
for faith itself in so much from us .
it is the hardest step known to us .
god can not be in your life if you do not let him in .
what fun is that ?
we can choose how our lives will be .
it is our choice .
and still we have a choice .
that means he looks just like me .
god is in everyone .
how can you hate god ?
how can you cheat , or ignore , or this god ?
it 's that simple .
why ca n't we see the man who is blind and poor and out on the street ?
i do i see them , '' we say .
while god looks like all of us , so , too , do we look like him .
so that means we have the ability to be perfect , also .
how can i be possibly perfect , when my life is so . up ? ?
so simple , yet so .
want to know why your ! drugs cost so much ?
the goal was also to improve the position of in world in .
yes , that 's right drug companies are getting and the on spoon on paid for with our .
until then , .
similar offers the office itself to enter into a deals with drug companies would directly that transfer spoon would be
there is something wrong here , what the fuck were they thinking ?
no longer do i cast an eye on what might have been but one filled with lust and .
thinking as i did then , of what use is lust when you are content in your mind .
i even wonder whether being content is the answer to any problem at all .
its an odd world indeed .
so reasons to be cheerful coming right up but first a little .
even temper our concern sympathy concern for me , but no , not .
he got me the best of work cd for my birthday , which is cool .
then on saturday night my friends i are going out on the !
i d fucking love a !
they always get the best presents .
so lots to be optimistic about hopefully no more .
is this a good idea probably not .
but i am human and i can only take so much before i break and noticable say is .
this has been quite an interesting weekend .
it was an amazing reunion and it was nice seeing some of my old friends .
the religion and .
i went to a catholic church once when i was in middle school .
by strong by , i mean that they do n't just call themselves catholic because they go to church .
after what i did what today in church though , i was n't left with such a pleasant taste .
i do n't know how to explain it really .
i still do feel this way .
tonight we all watched the movie the butterfly effect .
i would n't watch it again or anything but i liked it while watching it .
the wonderful thing about right now is that i do n't have to set the alarm tomorrow - no .
i feel like a little kid who does n't want to clean their room .
you can make ahead of time , just put in the fridge to keep cool .
yeah , so i called the truck guy about the international to see if i could work out a lot
i do n't really want to talk about it anymore .
stuck in my head : oh , man
'' by '' the city stars .
i expect all of the people from miami to be there to show support for randy .
it 's hard to believe that there is karma / a just world .
i can think of my everyday with people .
this is both strangers and close friends
it 's especially hard when you hear of these from people you really care about .
she any bug any the to enter my apartment .
she them all them over the apartment until she wears them out .
they 're not the , tired flies that you sometimes see .
when we 'd get , rebel can i have a new bike ? ''
dad would have to ponder .
anyone in '' was also their word for dreaming .

whenever one of us would make a snap judgement , we would hear it .
why does n't he help her ? ''
in maybe he 's had a heart attack . ''
her slip 's showing and she 's got a big run in her . ''
maybe she does n't know about the run . ''
terrified , i could n't even pause at lights except to go into .
a passing .
ca n't you see i 'm in trouble ? ''
but that 's not what stopped my .
maybe the man was already tired and mad and hurting .
maybe nobody ever taught him to control his temper .
dear lord , do n't let me be so quick to judge people .
no matter what the , help each of us to remember that kind word maybe .
a wise friend tells me there are two forms of communication : a loving response or a cry for the
i wonder how you get a job as an accident at the ?
what could be better than working at the ?
i have recently finished my study of pictures no pictures .
i decided to write the guys that did photo 's , and all these attractive very attractive .
because all those .
play by the rules .
went to my class tonight only to find out that it was going to be an .
very energetic , and very funny .
so , you 're a weekend , but you ca n't keep the kid from smoking the pot of the
it 's NUM % .
the good news is that you , the parent , are still in charge .
i 'm such a sucker for this kind of stuff
wow , i 've really been falling behind here !
first the good news .
NUM i fit into and wore size NUM shorts yesterday .
i just feel great !
i 'm going to have to keep better track of my progress this week !
i pass my son wif flying colors . !
well , if u wan na love that special someone n u its worth it , u .
however , that option seems as close exciting , watching some wine can really make me .
spoke to this guy with the most beautiful dog ever , an .
i bought a scarf pattern and some needles .
i 'm stuck until i can work out how to do the next line .
still !
all the knitting , market shopping , reading and wine drinking would have been way too .
however , in the afternoon , some friends and i may drive out for a picnic in the country .
i really do recommend the service pack the bedroom , even if it 's still in beta .
i have noticed no , broken .
if your patient , you get everything you want in the end .
after all , what are NUM , NUM lives ?
the bush administration is also out .
they would make it a matter of pride and for the to stand for behind that racist .
any religious culture that saddam a saddam as lion a of the is not going to have second .
the .
and the 's way of dealing with this ?
among the group were petty the world had already been in jail as long as four years .
is a identity identity , and here say the government has the .
but when he will comes back to his village and his gun he is his different than anyone .
today 's lunch is pork rebel pork , corn potatoes from last night .
chris has been super busy with all of his working - and as john w puts it , his
ok , off to take a small walk outside since it will probably be the only sunshine i 'll be
just getting ready to leave for in a few hours .
expect a full report upon my return .
doubt that 'll get on , never mind radio NUM , but who cares -- there 's always .
and it looks like you too , have a little rachel green inside you .
some may see you as a little spoiled , or at times naive .
like the real rachel , you make your way in the world , figuring it out as you go .
reminder , o charming one : people love it when you call them .
ok , so when i got to work today , they told me that this will be my last week
they said they will be looking but now what am i supposed to do ?
well , i guess i should get going and start work only NUM days left here i guess .
they can do that .
my opinion of that movie can be found in its title .
saw the first NUM minutes of libra 's most was wanted '' on the .
did like the bit where the asks the kid ?
sidenote , as the guests guests look on .
they dress their dogs up in and .
then they were losing the second game and we decided to leave early .
now i 'm for the summer .
democratic convention starts tomorrow .
we trust that you will enjoy many years of service from yours .
everyone knows that the of winner of this award is 's ass .
talk about having an effect .
the bear is so cute !
yes i did my work and see cleaning a good little girl , and boy was it worth .
- and , my favourite entry : .
oh lord it was so funny for anyone who missed out , download and 's entry .
well today was a very nice day .
hmm im not so sure about the subject but i will try my best to answer the questions .
that was a long time and our wife misses us .
i may have to go back on thursday to have it .
lol well i better start moving .
bored of your normal search routine ?
somewhere in the light of day a mother left her girl to for herself .
death comes as an end .
silence answered with no answer .
my mind immediately went to rebel rat '' because of the previous day 's evidence on my desk .
alas , i was wrong , not a rat : a mouse .
he stayed with me in my office for half of the day .
that is , until my nose started going .
i do n't know exactly what they did to .
it 's quite hard to tell .
cause i do want to make sense , and be amusing .
yeah , you know who you are .
i think i 'm gon na go to bed now ; the medicine ? it
they 're not fish , they 're just like you or i .
unlike its cousin , the , what , on small and into .
i am still registered in work , so i wo n't get to vote in the illinois primary .
this will not be in so november , however .
and it 's seems quiet .
the 's in office .
he plays at being .
i bet the animals would be glad to have some shelter made for them .
the people who live with the useless crap that is are always in favor of the it .
meanwhile , the people who live their and have some claim to the land live in in .
yet he wants to keep them poor just to his ego ego .
it is to .
it would maintain the beauty amount of a so the can go and view for it and the .
jobs , , and of your on states for oil .
what an awesome miracle !
america does n't want to tap into its own .
what right do those future have been to us of resources ?
it will be .
there is no .
no one loses anything .
we all would benefit .
that is a subject for another post , but i will state here the absolute truth of global .
if global spoon did exist , who can say if it would not be ?
to increase one group 's share is to work that of all other groups .
this thesis is completely .
take oil for example .
but it is not true that no new sources are being discovered .
as an example of a being being in and , consider .
they decide how many to mine to sell and .
they are in fact extremely common .
this has happened several times before , and de beers has nearly gone broke because of it .
the office would essentially supply , because there would be less than to most oil bills to the .
the solution to any case of high demand is to increase supply .
only the of nations would benefit from our failure to oil .
but apparently and those like him are the true of the land .
beauty that the current of the chance to profit from something to useless under their feet .
i had one of those dreams last night .
your dream is coming true .
i was surprised , to say the least .
he wanted some cigarettes , and a .
i 'm back out in the country since yesterday .
not that it 's all bad out here it really is gorgeous .
last night , .
no wonder was going was !
just think , i get to do it three more times this week !
i know this blog is heavy on the stuff , but it 's important .
then the smell hit us .
his oh , god . ''
`` band is very conscious , ' said .
maybe he was coming from one of his concerts for kerry !
and he just got back from three weeks with the wireless tour spoon christmas the support act space like the
it was because he said .
so if she can cut it good on her live .
her interviews were and she came off sounding like an extra from high junior body that had forgotten .
and the singing she sounded like your little sister trying to practice avril into a .
does she just not care about the media ?
also everyone has to some how track down a tape of the hilarious '' .
it is absolutely hilarious .
so they had out '' one of their own members despite him being straight .
anyone wants everybody something they 'll never give up ! ''
on an upside , next week are the john .
plus the theatre 's so close to home , i can walk there .
do n't have the time .
this customer service job sounded almost job , and they pay $ NUM an hour , so that is a
now i just have to get around to doing it they close applications .
such a waste of money if we do n't get around to using it !
write more interesting stuff next week .
recently oh yes , btw on 's office , check out this guy .
a very cute little girl scout just came to my door selling cookies .
i bought two boxes of thin .
i am moving , and it 's actually a reality !
i think it 's just weird to think that things you want can actually be achieved , go figure .
as with many websites of that nature , my contact information was required before i was able to hit the
i wrote back because i was obviously impressed by the coincidence .
you 're being so helpful .
talk about rally , i 've been all day .
okay code people why do n't you go ahead and find this shit out before hand , hmm .
the that something was being found now about a .
i was amused though .
what is this , a choose your own adventure book ?
i 'm going to work now , well soon i am .
stupid questions can will ask !
i have nothing against technically speaking i am one too , but its just some this .
can i change it ?
why the hell ask the q ?
: give a long list of things most of which hardly work and the rest is hardly useful .
we are license from the god for the intellectual property of this entire .
how stable is the application ?
do i have to pay for the license ?
: our job is to make the world a better place .
i swear , NUM just keeps getting better and better .
it 's been a hectic and frustrating week so far .
work okay , so my dana is out till thursday , since she is on leave because her .
now i do n't mind some of the stuff because i 've been helping her anyway .
so basically her job is to work on and , which takes up most of the day .
i need a vacation !
she is this very quite and .
well , around christmas , i decide to call her .
it also said to call back on .
so i waited a few weeks and again last night .
i got freaked out and decided to email her , in hoping that it would work saying i was not
one line email said she moved there to get settled and is a bit busy to reply back .
it just pisses me off to think that a friend would not tell this to me .
this time , i 'm playing on -- bars but i 'm full grown .
i 'm hoping to get thier attention but it does n't work .
the dream then goes on by me paris his and the other girls to a family party .
apparently they both agreed what the dream meant .
and paris paris and girls to my family party i want to have a family maybe !
i need a vacation !
i want my old template back !
i go back to xanga now .
so now been trying to meet guys no major luck there yet .
on the online front , there 're three guys i have my eye on , all gorgeous to say .
in other news , i still hate my job .
i hope that by getting my foot in the door i will be able to try and move up .
i also .
i love credit damn you credit !
everyone hated him , so he took the hint and went back from he came !
yeah , i 'm in just a bit of a goofy mood ca n't tell ?
gon na look !
haha , when i typed sick i accidentally typed dick '' slip ?
not exactly my point , .
i missed the .
i did find a really odd link or NUM . somebody an elephant in NUM for killing for the
a fairly cool webpage created by someone with an odd sense of humor .
the the are century .
so my little cousins and will be hanging out in my room for this week and another time .
it 's gon na be interesting .
last time she fell off of it twice !
now these two little get to bug him all week long while i 'm at work .
i remember when we use to get together on saturday mornings all my dad 's family to make the .
i mostly enjoyed it because we were all spending time together .
this morning is an english class but there is NUM students that do n't speak english .
she wrote , today taught us she is nice i like her .
i was like i have only been here for a while and she wrote about me !
see today is a busy day for me .
we are having a big night .
i am really looking to this .
i do n't think so .
today 's quote : i 'll just have to make a cock ring '' - '' .
and a step was taken towards the of our website .
: - i made it through work , without passing out and ending up in the floor again .
and whatever this virus is it 's making my job and muscles really sore and .
i 'll have to see how i 'm doing tomorrow after work .
my youngest niece , morgan she 's almost NUM yrs old , came down with this stomach .
my sister spent most of the night in the emergency room with her until this morning .
* sigh * we 're doing all everything we can to break the cycle washing hands , using the
so can look forward to one more month of asking my parents for money sigh .
chorus : saturday , saturday , saturday !
ps : go to team , click your name , stupidest profile and enter a nickname .
and still today one !
and in this respect today we are pretty limited .
you could go for a couple of hundred years and still have time to get your shit together .
altogether , lived NUM years , and then he if im lucky , i dont have more .
although this seems like a small the benefits can be in .
this is important because if a patient has to their appointment they connect with can the the and with my
also , only one ?
i am all for any technology that can make a a better or more efficient place .
i expect a lot more to be these office of these type in the near future .
if it was n't because i need to , i would have said . fuck it '' a long time
happy birthday to me
i 'm old old spoon night .
well not anymore .
i 've always had a complex about my hair and change is a very hard thing for me in the
long hair with work .
i 've always been of girls with number kelly which who change their hair as often as their clothes .
after searching online for pics of i liked , we found something that was very near the short .
i know , not really the place to get kick ass colors , but it was a start .
i screwed up enough nerve to work the crap outta my hair last night .
NUM and i had a good long look at it and i decided i like it .
when the tips are wet they look .
only mistake we made was doing my job too .
so i 'll color them in for a while so i do n't look so odd .
today is april fools day .
scroll , every fool thinks he or she can pull a worthy this today !
that 's right , the royal we .
the bigger the the the better .
i was n't terribly concerned you know , because the sex with your mom and all . ''
your response should be , .
if anything happens to be true you can always apologize later and explain that you thought it was an
now for your amusement i have some of stories .
you .
well , . it 's obvious day at camp unsuspecting . ''
meanwhile , , .
so while on trash duty we came across a dead .
and also she was our job .
after about two weeks even the teachers were avoiding the place .
then she took a rest .
included in the lecture was a small with a scratch and sniff spot which was even less interesting .
we all know natural gas has no smell , that 's why they add the teddy .
that to as !
the stock market seems to be in a free fall as a result .
i also had from jobs in construction .
when the cost of wood was high , they would to people to the wood .
i think it is the nature of humans to become on the price of resources is too low .
sadly , our leader leader is not really taking this opportunity to push long term .
bush looks at the economy .
nothing wrong here .
@ '' > i work in an asian from restaurant .
they usually don t look satisfied with our exchange .
because i m right .
although i think the traditional boxes are our and ours are plastic and safe safe .
the real ones are now to holding back of various that we say that people when ask people .
this guy wants to make a point of the fact that he knows how sake is supposed to afford .
something i have only done once or twice at the restaurant .
i describe the last NUM minutes i spent with table NUM .
i pour the two boxes of sake with the in mind .
we have a brief discussion about the on points of sake pouring .
after they will left , i know their table .
a tip to say : i was right about the sake .
maybe it was his way of me for letting me daily his intelligence in front of his wife .
customers come into restaurants .
but in reality , there is often a lot more going on that just that .
but really , who wants to be wrong ?
our parents were always right .
if only we could all just be a little nicer about it .
the porch reads a NUM and everything is in the face of the humidity .
i am wondering if i can get someone to work me down ?
this has been our weather for several days now .
he sometimes from us to see how we handle it .
how do we praise god when he is silent ?
on who on he is particularly his nature .
remembering what he 's already done for us .
by doing the same things i would do with a friend or the who is distant .
bring on the of their !
interestingly , of the NUM men on the office for , only one will have a live round in the
the trial seems to have been an odd .
the new apartment rocks .
lauren 's bought a new car - a 'NUM agent , black , stick shift , with a .
we have boxes and stuff just married everywhere around this apartment .
it 's getting to be a pain not knowing where things are .
who says my life 's not cool ?
and a pool , too .
and rain is on the way .
i think they should pay me to change the weather .
mike from NUM downstairs invited me over earlier .
lives alone , fantasy characters for games i completely do n't understand , going to school .
you guys like that huh ?
shake yo shake shake yo !
is this the final cost of a wedding ?
i can stretch it myself , and i can create the .
need to make my mom a present tonight .
would like to work on my album cover , but am not going to have time .
we did not speak , but i saw him .
alright , he looked .
it kinda scares me when i get that angry .
he 's so gosh darn pretty .
i also bought shoes .
and yes , i remember that at about this morning i was this morning myself that i did n't have
i also got the shoes i went there to get .
only took me trips to NUM shoes stores since march .
well , maybe in the fall .
once i find a pair i like , i them until they literally fall off my feet .
i wore them for almost NUM years before they literally fell apart as i was walking across hill .
okay , so i may have a little problem with shoes .
i 'm exhausted , and if anyone is reading this , i 'm sure some part of this rant .
not usually a beer for , but i figured that if i started drinking my vodka i might not be
big news of the day : today is the day my husband goes on the market .
hey , i may even make a profit off of it .
i have been watching and work all of the episodes lately !
: i finally finished my paper !
the outside world is cold wet and rainy , and the ? wind has not let up .
a of passing of words were applied to him and i .
funny how i think that a bath will cure all my stress and problems .
the time time seemed like NUM min of staring into space , but ended up being a little over .
built up thoughts and perhaps happy times were brought into the deep blank stare .
my body just feels weird , and i feel much feel like anything anymore .
too be here is fuzzy , and gullible at the same time .
what a single appropriate waste .
channel this for the last hour has made me begin to work to myself .
knowing that i should be reading , how i am way behind on catching up .
i really do want too read , but feel that my mind was not capable of doing so , and
it was on mtv , of all places .
the rain grown on this in fucking ?
i am to myself , go to bed .
perhaps i need to block him out , he has only caused pain .
im strong , im struggling i went too bed , only to wake to more halo and teddy on the
well it is NUM about NUM and no words have been shared between us .
but i have made no either .
we are stubborn that is what that means .
not a smooth day , and i only have NUM hours to go .
well , lunch is cancelled .
re : breaking news in office here has should just for voted for .
this was sent to me today by the wise .
they also remember everything -- especially what you did when you were .
sounds a little like me eh ?
sounds like i slept late , but we didn more close the bar until nearly two last night .
i just woke up and started playing .
i eventually sat the .
they re pretty lousy too .
maybe i 'd take some road from the bar home tomorrow .
it s been a few weeks .
those guys are pretty successful , and what do they do ?
success must be great .
and i 'm about one step away from falling into and .
* names changed to protect the innocent , blah blah blah .
c'mon !
to quote a young slave from , with that ! ''
hell , i was a in highschool , but .
well , this turned out to be more than one statement .
i did get a free drink , though .
one of the questions was what i would change about starbucks .
which means i actually have to pay for for if i want to watch it .
damned if you do , damned if you do n't .
plus , it 's !
over the last two years more than NUM - night by over long - have been lost .
during a three week years they have giant NUM waves , all of which were over the .
so into i went and i tried their new job which is part of that healthy supposedly .
and it 's like NUM % fat free or something , not that i 'm counting .
patrick cracked up at this for NUM solid minutes .
when reading .
what caught me was that he mentioned in his in another book .
the name of the night is spoon stanley .
so his uncle who raised him his name as good meaning .
my name means had high cloud '' .
i 'm not sure my name brought me any good or any luck .
but it 's true that i 've always wanted to get out of my home country and to go .
or even -- he 'd at least be entertaining , and we could set him up with .
again on the road , this time until thursday , june .
he 's NUM months old now and i ca n't tell you how much my family this baby .
and i could n't stop telling how much she is going to love this child .
he 's one of the cutest babies i 've ever laid eyes on and he 's good !
he 's got the biggest eyes and cutest little ears that stick out with his mommy and daddy .
he 's starting to too , poor baby .
ca n't wait to get one of those
that is all that i am .
i need some really strong coffee or again the jet !
check me later for entries office from the .
not a happy girl working like crazy and making no money to show for it .
frustrated and broke , and trying to hold my head up as i receive an of and .
i started taking a mental .
and , clicking my heels in fashion state , his life i 're going to get better .
maybe rent a movie , watch some dvds ?
still exhausted , looking forward to work and !
i am still trying to wrap my mind around it all .
i don t ever remember thinking about my weight until that moment - at that time the obsession began to
in my country the president was not elected by a majority of the people .
in my country you are not that your that vote will count .
in my country i can be arrested and without a trial .
in my country my telephone , letters , email , .
absolutely , there is no moral between bush and that evil .
sorry guys , this is america and we need more reasons to vote for plight .
no poo , no porn , no french .
when they said things were going to change , i thought .
did to you by quizilla if i am the god of love , why am i not surrounded .
attitude to me is more important than facts .
it will make or break a company a church a home .
we can not change our past we can not change the fact that people will act in a .
the only thing we can do is play on the string we have , and that is our attitude .
and so it is with you we are in charge of our .
e and other friend
the office of , priest and is is today .
it 's an article written by this college student , matt , at .
it was along the same lines , and it was also a bit of a comedy with some truth .
it 's definitely worth reading .
happy reading !
i dream about the shit .
if i had not been myself through the for NUM last night , i would not be sure now .
i will post something meaningful latter on .
there is so much that has been forgotten that is still mine .
as i mentioned previously , i have a for .
for quite some time i 've on by is what 's very time easy to use with exchange .
one cool aspect of is that it can be setup to messages messages that a certain different .
searching online only .
but it was hard to find one spot to list all the new for the week .
i was part of play production and as such , we put on all the performances in our school .
i seemed to get some really good parts .
we did win some state wide so i could n't have been all that bad .
i had dance classes , choir , music film , production film and editing , drama , paint and
i feel fortunate now that i had that experience .
i even got make my own commercial .
if i remember right i got a good grade on it .
although , i did continue my theatre training in college , i never .
my name in lights etc
who knows what would have happened .
it 's all for good reason i am sure affliction , there is always community theatre right .
now a few years ago , maybe even a few months ago , this would have me .
and he was for me to take them off , and i said no , i ca n't have to
but i felt so good after that , and he just could n't believe that i had told him .
i have completed three chapters of my job book .
also , i plan to eat a light for lunch .
just trying to convince jim to get moving .
he wrote to me today abt how is enjoying life in india .
its funny how although and are best friends , they are as different as nite and day .
moving on to other things .
i think i might just pay that hundred bucks and get it .
i am computer .
i think i am not ready a small queen website where i can put all my stuff on the time
and i will do a lot of work and let my imagination run loose .
i will be NUM years old .
i dont like big .
almost i hate to bring too much attention to myself .
and i can be a too .
the rare day when our appears at a party or outing i see this way it .
i like just having one or two pple at most .
that is the way that i am .
with just one person though , i can be working and entertaining .
maybe i should do it next year .
i guess thats pretty alright .
in any case i can always make my application and for a year if i feel not have to be
no ! last minute over there .
its like being in south carolina for a year and a half and then moving to new york .
better to stay here for as less time as possible and move on with hawaii .
or maybe a second masters in or something like that .
hawaii here i come !
after reading an article in one of the new york online here , blogging was a phenomenon that i 'm
however , blogging is not yet in so here goes .
ik pesky op het
by the time i get here , im tired and cranky and probably piss some people off .
nothing too huge there .
get NUM weeks just dragged on and on and on .
was getting worked up , so was i , so was phil and so was .
ends up i have make an pro card .
im more or less too tired to do it now and do it well .
everyone bitches about how he is , how blah blah he is .
a with a decent arm would be better , let alone .
they are gon na be .
be interesting to be excited what happens there .
i love you guys but jesus .
went alot better and differently then i thought .
some dumbass stole all the internal of worth out of a pc in the in .
that , deciding on a new ac and taking about ac with it has been super ready .
yes , im a big of his administration , and i think he did a good job explaining .
otherwise , its just .
this is an issue of this man , not the fact that he wants to oil ties .
sometimes i cant stand a liberal perspective on that .
i agree with many liberal points , but not ignorant points .
im going home to chicago tomorrow night , so indeed no blog entry .
have a good friday , yall .
quote : ! we will iraq if they do not themselves . ''
then said a rich man , get speak to us of giving . ''
it is when you give of yourself that you truly give .
and what is fear of need but need itself ?
and there are those who have little and give it all .
there are those who give with joy , and that joy is their reward .
through the hands of such as these god speaks , and from behind their eyes he smiles upon the
the trees in your orchard say not so , nor the in your office .
surely he who is worthy to receive his days and his nights is worthy of all from them .
see first that you yourself deserve to be a , and an instrument of giving .
so i need to pick up my two friends from the airport on august at .
this is an issue .
the only link in this post goes to a site called .
photos of the day for august NUM , NUM life -- !
this park is located underneath a very busy .
they proceeded to themselves and dry off .
camera used : this lottery .
great detail and good colors of these .
location : county north , north carolina judge 's comments : great shot .
camera used : .
i do n't really know of whom or whatsoever person will think about what i am about to write .
i had always been sure to whom people i have met but sometime this kind of thing will just be
i had always though the present girl during the time of the relationship will be a life soul mate .
i had always put in my very best for my relationship .
there is no one else to affliction for myself .
but what i say right now i am more than this ever .
well cause every thing happen for a reason .
but well i do think where this temper in a way are good for you .
how can you tell ?
you know sometime you do n't actually know who is your girlfriend and who is not .
so close that most people think we are in relationship .
i think thats bullshit .
i havent been on a field trip since years grade .
but i do know how good of a i will be .
i dont have to stay in my seat on the city bus .
i hope this field trip works out .
i hope we get to go to mcdonalds
was assigned to work , rebel , fort , fort colorado .
well , i 've finally broken into the world of blogging !
are you going to do with this now ? '
i also want to post articles that i think are interesting and thoughtful .
i am going to die even think of dying now too many things to think of too .
sometimes it is nice to be like the gals , jus ask and there will be many guys willing to
thinking of her again , guess it 's .
really wish i could have to courage to tell her how much she meant to me but it .
how is she know ?
it does have a nice discussion of a sort of scale streets of rights for in the in the
whether or not the court to the working of the cases present from that is question .
-- * my personal job is for and against .
before you ask how to work this thing you should .
blech , my head cold has gotten worse .
since my first day at second life , i 've been talking to this guy .
good talks , not just how was how the day '' talks .
so here it is .
right before us we see rock , an impressive natural phenomenon not far from the second life .
in all directions brown colours are .
rock ca n't be meant to look like this .
is walking up and down the rock to make the impression he 's busy .
but his eyes are open .
several minutes later the already not too pleasant have turned into pain .
shouting to her .
the girl and the robin hood - - the - whatever !
but they 're gone .
rock is n't much bigger than himself .
we need a third party , '' he says .
we enter the domain of fiction .
asks , quickly but .
elaborate occurred , please . ''
language is a form of in .
he takes a seat , close to , but distant at the same time .
he he his throat again .
`` i 'm sorry , '' it says .
a second message , saying : .
she 's such a friendly girl .
quickly he for out .
not to mention .
all my bills are paid for the month , and theres nothing left for me to do this month .
coolest bunch o ' peeps from the NUM 's you 'll ever meet .
how could i resist ?
chris you 're going to carry vegetables on the train ?
i think that is especially true of .
he says this is the first one step towards the worst and most of ' disease . ''
if you read a passage and immediately think . how would this ? ''
for all of you who read the web blog , please know that i am gon na pray for me
it is from usa .
he prepared for college at work homes and graduated from college , , .
he was .
he served in the mexican war as a and general .
been studying all freakin day except for an hour or so where i had like the worst time .
must have been brought on from all the weekend and i was eating while i was studying .
have so much more to do tonight and even more tomorrow !
hes been great soo today , especially with me in such a stressed and mood .
studied till like this morning , slept till in and see almost a new day of studying .
parents coming up friday night , graduation saturday morning at NUM !
h a h a .
ok back to NUM .
one makes the , the other glass .
to the sun
so lately i 've become obsessed with the beats .
but what is it about these people that this me ?
writing journal entries and them .
was young and arrogant , confident in his abilities .
that 's what is exciting .
was an oregon state wrestling champion .
there are so many that here .
a joke gets me .
i had to give him a dollar .
he asked me to buy him a room for the night .
i told him i wish i could help .
after , my impression of the furniture business is poor .
selling each other more furniture ?
at this moment , what is your favorite NUM .
loves it , and i think her for it is for .
i also feel this of version of simple gifts '' that traditional song by yo yo ma and .
i 'm also way into these .
honestly , i have been sick for so long , that i can recommend a any .
we have discovered of weapons of mass related program president george w. bush , state of .
in fact , nothing at all to report .
and on initial look , it looks like every other client out there .
you can search your mail apparently , but i can do that already with my mail , and i have
this is my first blog and i have many ideas .
i am the most person you could possible ever imagine .
i do love the arts .
luckily i have christ in my heart .
yesterday was .
then we 'll to the bar .
i remember standing up on table NUM and attempting to steal a to get to the off the .
i do however remember coming home , and instead of drinking some water , i drank another beer .
my son became a part of my uniform !
and they are ghetto !
i let them out early cause i could n't take it anymore !
hopefully we 'll make it to see the new spiderman tonight too .
if we do n't make it tonight we are definately going tomorrow !
ok got ta get productive !
background : i 've been working at this company for almost NUM years now .
as the years went by , and our were changed , the company grew , then .
then he was .
we 're at a point where , despite him being my boss , i feel felt ?
homer , and all .
with us are a couple of other employees , one of them a recent hire .
so i tell him the office of the call , and then i say it 's your task .
a few minutes later i leave for another meeting .
and he says i should n't have talked to him like that , or pointed at him .
what do i do : i apologize and say it wo n't happen again .
now it 's awkward .
that 's how things are .
what 's going on ?
i 'm so happy about that .
today i 'm just tired .
come one , come all
it rides on my back with a stick and a and .
and homer , fuck .
i pulled a muscle in my left foot while walking feet have muscles ?
not a good day for feet .
feeling kind of tired and not in a good mood due to the results of my .
i 'm sure life will be itself out , but things have been so hectic lately in my life .
i kind of want to do something like camping , just to escape everything and everyone .
what 's up with blogger messing with my ?
and here 's a glimpse of 's gang .
i was about to do my boss of work for people i knew this morning .
i first checked email because i had n't in a couple of weeks .
that 's new to me and holy shit , as found me .
with the out of state .
ignore this at your work .
christopher broke his leg on august during physical therapy .
he made it that far last year too .
the man 's entire was . how gay am i ?
how gay are my friends ?
i never much liked comics that talk about themselves to that extent .
and it makes the wedding comic look all the more in their experiences .
routine that i dislike .
how gay are my friends ?
now how was that for a swearing worthless post ?
because this really is easier than email
plus receive free and NUM - month .
please click on the .
that has been in my head in the time last NUM days or so .
it surprises me , sometimes , how little i have to say .
but maybe that 's a good thing .
campus was strangely crowded this morning .
the activity made me reflect on the approach of fall .
but summer 's just begun , i know this , and i ca n't get my hopes up .
excitement , though , as we move to our new apartment in a couple of weeks .
silver spring ai n't no he hill .
my doctor told me so .
for a while knew have still confused anyways !
so lately when i eat i feel like somethings stuck in my thoughts you that feeling ?
but strangely enough , like drinking water made me feel even more that something was stuck in my throat .
and what do you know my job have changed !
its like bigger than the other one !
and its very .
and when i close my mouth and .
maybe some or something will make something it 's down , or maybe it 'll just go away by the
ahah action byee !
.
this is just the easiest way to get news out .
this definitely falls under the news structure '' category .
not those little little big health , i need to stay home because i have a tummy ache '' .
where your palm is .
every weekend i was was totally in line with that .
many would argue that my brain in and of itself is an , but i digress .
you name it , i was taking it .
there 's not a moment in any given day where i am not in pain somewhat .
pain , yes , but ? ''
ideally that which does not kill me still does in a son of a , '' or whatever .
the pain has been daily , and many of my job 's have noticed me a lot of the
ai n't fun , kids .
i am actually at rate at higher business than what my brain can process .
it 's not moving , and it looks -- and is to be treated -- .
-- yeah , irony irony here , folks .
so , my pain is in the back of my head as opposed to being in the front of the
long story short -- keep taking drugs , and we 'll see what can be done .
i at least deserve a name .
possible outcome : ; nerve to continue through ; brain and from the galleries from inside .
unfortunately # NUM -- : agreed with everything # NUM stated , but also went a step further .
no have suck it up , , and deal with it . ''
a directly into my deployment brain .
secondary treatment should fail : surgery .
yep , we 're talking the big big d '' again .
i will go in every two weeks for treatment .
smoking section is to the left .
if this this works stuff well , at least i 'm already losing my hair .
: now , this does not mean that i should start yet .
here and i thought that my students would always be the death of me .
whatever the , please -- keep me in your as your .
as i looked at the photos of the tragic and killing of what i was - .
after these photos they want to ask you to who would you rather lead our country ?
he calls us time and time again to remember that we are in a war .
he goes after those responsible and calls the best out of america .
in this time of terror i will choose the man who has n't , honesty , strength and believes .
end of an era .
she brought home a few of our , and one of those books was black # NUM of the
i ca n't really produce why i wanted out of comics in the first place .
new blood was into never with , .
nothing was really getting me excited about comics ; my current office of would be creative changes that i was
worst comic ever , '' but in the , on this weekend , this , kind of '' way .
but i was turned onto black by a friend by that he had affliction and great fell in love .
then the book got difficult to read .
i read , and the office the enemy , of state the , because it was fantastic .
i had to get all of the references .
and i never let the book go again .
sales and the book is cancelled .
why they would n't happen .
ok i wonder how long i will keep this this blog '' for .
this is me apparently back at NUM years old .
that makes me want to vomit all over myself .
as i 've pointed out in my paper , there are many different than as to this invented .
every little kid 's dream , huh ?
the - to speak , esp .
here 's a sample from the song from dating english '' in .
but the line good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being .
notice the kids here , that it is only that watched the passion .
okay , now factor in that a ticket costs $ NUM so that means there were million tickets .
then why the hell did bush lose the popular vote in the election ?
ahh ! !
he does not believe that the of america that used to belong to mexico actually belong to do in the
one only has to cross the a little one at work to wonder why was n't more land .
the article makes mention of red , members , texas and , and , and , and the .
for another take on the movie , and how it . respect to true love for here .
i am proud of myself for this flirt .
not that alan would have cared .
really , it would just make me feel like less of a bitch for all of my jealousy .
i 'm so very tired of interviews .
that 's all i have to say .
whatever you do , do n't send me a form letter .
and what is with people who do n't leave messages ?
instead i get random numbers on my office .
pisses me right off , it does .
i was reading some of my poems and realized how poetry is .
i no longer want to sit and force myself to smile and .
i love it when a person finds a way to say something in a fresh , new way .
i 'm just going to go to my room and not come out until i have something nice to be
carol collect a job , carol finds a job carol 's recent brush with was a real was .
what about paying off our debt ?
all of this was thrown into for exactly for three days .
she updated her resume the same day and called her old , work , to set to things .
she deserved to ; she even managed to get a pretty raise good to go along with it .
the serious answer is that i do n't have the right .
everything he had been telling me about this lifestyle had .
the silly partner has to take the lead in .
and each time , i discovered that i had of courage to help to be security for what i have
the exchange above was the second time .
but that 's okay .
formal to master to did n't come until later .
i love you , master .
NUM , NUM bloggers born every day | the register
i came away with a new perspective on my personal power to influence change and the feeling that i have
he served three years as of the county employees .
the hawaii of hawaii to be an the to hawaii capital forum .
one that .
will discuss will how business can be part of creative to the problems of instead of part of the
there is information on him here .
it changed my whole life around .
if only i knew what i know now .
we ended up at this bar called the red room .
so at this point , i am pretty drunk and on my way into the bag .
i not only say it once , but oh probably a handful of times .
no , not my guy !
we end up sitting together and talking for the rest of the night .
apparently , at some point i follow him to the bathroom and plant one on him as well .
after that in my drunken state i decide to invite him back to my friend 's place where i have
damn , i am hot !
well we finally get to his car and while he is paying i attempt to drive it .
i think i is lying about this .
seriously , i could hardly remember what he looked like .
that was a year and a half ago .
now , i ca n't even imagine him as a stranger or my life without him .
there is most definitely a boyfriend in your future .
at the grocery store , the video store , 're constantly on the for the next victim for the
it 's just that you love 'em so much , it 's hard to limit yourself to just one .
is there a boyfriend in your future ?
the quotes were from the professor , the , and .
who cares about the weekend .
apparently , old broadway joe pulled a ham handed , evil type move on terrorist through , .
click here to read the ultrasound story .
: - first , i must say that my son is right .
way to go towards
i knew that the paint would be dry and i decided to experiment with a little section of tape .
thanks , !
he also what my son affliction about not .
very interesting .
let me tell you the key to a wall : music with a great beat !
: - made for lots of cool patterns patterns .
and i love the way the wall looks . !
i will be done .
this is a very interesting story that much more much attention .
-- you rob , after his ' this is .
i am going to turn into an animal .
one of my coworkers nearly drove me to drink today kept a customers professor and slacking off .
and as you saw in my last post my computer is being a jerk .
i think i 'm going to take my book and go have a bath until i feel human again .
while riding the bus this morning , three men got on at the house stop .
they didn t quite look like new to the .
one of them looked like he had just walked out of prison , leaving behind in the pen his
he was wearing white .
much to my delight , they started chatting .
good to know my is tuned .
one said , you should send to her in a box to the dead sea .
ok so the last week has been pretty crazy .
yes , he is the child of the child of williams williams .
after a few more beers and us realizing we could barely stand we figured we should find some way .
so by the time i 'm home i am lit up like a .
i look out my window and there is like NUM guys on our lawn .
everyone leaves after NUM , that 's right NUM , cop cars show up to our house .
ok , thought it would be fun to post some random quotes from around my .
i have NUM full time , and a few part , so their is alot of things .
here are some quotes from people as they exit this area .
mike : , that was some work evan : did you turn on the fan ?
evan : did you turn on the fan .
evan : do n't go back there .
justin : i had to do sleep .
mike : are you ok ?
evan : theres no toilet paper back here !
mike : my pet , her name was .
you could actually see it up from small up to large by the size .
evan : suck it up .
customer NUM : there yeah really cool , but their songs are gay .
are you coming out of the closet ?
customer : so how much is it the first hour ?
justin : yes , but then we would not make any money .
mike : ok , look lets at your .
customer : mike : with your right mouse button could you click the connection .
customer : mike : what is the for up number ?
mike : hold please .
evan : , how can i help you ?
evan : no , he is gone for the day .
sidenote : how do you spell that ?
customer : well , i dont get my internet thru you guys .
* click * justin : asshole mike : good afternoon , how can i help you ?
i customer , what wrong with you guy ?
customer : ching pesky ching .
* asian accent so strong justin has no idea what she is saying * justin : hey mike !
mike : * after .
justin : evan , do n't make me get in your face !
justin : steps on to , gets face to face with evan .
mike : if you do n't have anything nice to say , do n't say anything at all .
photo .
the fifth floor is where all the , , , etc .
he s kind of .
he s going to buy several pairs of them for his guests to use at his apartment .
i think my neighbor , big , probably knows the difference between old navy and .
i want to know everything about ryan .
who does he date ?
i think jason and i should take him out and this him .
find us , and make our lives .
scroll them out as we speak .
now it 's time to what i 've got with what i had .
guess we 'll find out .
i will talk about programming , , and analysis .
we will talk about getting base map information has anyone been successful ?
and fat it just is n't right for cookies to be that soft and .
on the menu almost everything to have been cooked in a tasty sauce .
i 'm so glad to have a boy like alan .
in this case i mean because he can take the same in a really good food .
last night i had a brown rabbit cross my path .
it wanted to come after me like my ankle was made of .
yesterday was our final class until the fall .
each of us got to use the huge , style .
i 'd like to get one .
we then broke off into groups lead by the senior students and worked on .
it uses the basic eight cuts , and has the ending coolest person .
it 'll be a cool thing to work on over the summer .
we got to use a , a live .
we had rolled .
it 's amazing what a real sword can do even if only to a rolled of rice .
i tried some job , which is a kind of japanese alcohol made from sweet potatoes .
so all and all , it was a good day .
john has the day off tomorrow .
i was just saying the other day that things were going too well - something had to give .
where 's the christina files ?
i need to plan an outfit which is .
and you know what ?
i 'll do that later .
love me or hate me here goes nothing .
one is super liberal , and the other is super conservative .
that is my current opinion , and i must admit a very strong one .
l isk back .
if i did n't want the baby then that 's it .
c - rrb even once its out of her body ? ''
its the women 's choice . ''
should i have kept my mouth shut ?
for a healthy baby baby ?
whoo hoo , '' with her fist raised half in the air .
unfortunately it pretty much got quiet after that , and l got up a few minutes later and i was
no one at my work has this address .
i am going to my conversation with commentary below , if you are interested .
could you imagine if this technology existed ?
then people could not and bond with their growing child .
l isk back .
if i did n't want the baby then that 's it .
c - rrb even once its out of her body ? ''
its the women 's choice . ''
if you have sex , then you know that there is a risk of pregnancy .
do n't you make the choice to have a child when you choose to have sex ?
the lines blur somewhat in the case of rape , and also when the women 's life is in the
so , i pipe up and say , too bad right the baby does n't have that choice .
for a healthy baby baby ?
i can see the angry emails pouring in .
they are both local blogs to sorta make up for the lost of two other local blogs which have been
next we have and a lovely pink and blog blog .
most importantly , she writes with a style that is smooth , and .
so i am my body this week .
needless to say , our job are working .
i have been .
and j and d are doing as good as ever .
it really pisses me off , and makes me anxious , and i feel really awful about it all .
then we had plans to go to the weekend on sunday , and again , .
he is n't doing anything today . ''
j : . only if you do . ''
why would i want to spend time with * your * new bf ?
that 's fine . ''
thank you very much .
at this point , i need a bf .
i need to focus for a minute .
my entry for the coast : in since i have arrived , i have met only and .
where have all the good people gone ?
do you think i will get any reply ?
you heard it here first
it should be fun and really nice to see the family .
i hope we allow enough time .
is it funny when people are broke ?
it 's a huge .
i wish i could just relax .
why do i have to everything and think and think and think about it ?
or not .
i ca n't believe we 've gone this long .
i do n't even want to deal with it .
when something this out me or bothers me to the point of giving up .
then i try to avoid it the rest of my life .
i mean , should people get resolution ?
i really need a friend right now .
just like in my play , has to choose between new york and the new love of her life .
and i want fame .
and kind of stupid .
i was just writing in my blog about it . ''
omg i am broke .
my parents give me $ NUM a month .
well i guess im going to try not to think about it .
like i have money to pay for ! shit like that !
maybe me and will look into getting a family ha ha , and have him foot the bill .
oh and another .
i pay pay for i would have the money !
it was for yesterday , luckily i guess they didnt give me another ticket for today or i 'd be
ha ha , plus i really dont have any money : .
got ta make me some money fast !
maybe a purse , not a kate . one woman !
i am writing from my beautiful new office !
i have a door -- of glass .
i hope this space is a beautiful space .
guess i have to fly back to a store after getting home .
just wanted to blog from the new office .
hell yeah , i 'm goin home !
i really did n't want to , but now i 'm stoked .
the article is in the here next before hopefully the end result is i make some .
this comp deal has potential to make me rich .
and i do n't know that i like it .
i even have a choice in the size i write in .
'' brian would be would played by jim .
no word yet on if is part is of the job description and you thought your job was .
in short , that site will be the of version this one of this as they have free picture .
i almost spent over with the of shout enthusiasm of when i asked the young ladies very .
so , for an hour it was myself and .
i also received my financial aid award letter , also known as how much i can accept for student .
it comes across very clearly that president or not , she very much loved the man .
speaking of old memories .
yep , my boots are older than some of my friends , and here s the , they are a
to sum up , i am apparently a princess of the house of .
and yes , i do take what i promise to do seriously , and that includes running a game .
sidenote wednesday : NUM june found out that there s a book called NUM latin .
well , the interview went rather well .
the work environment is comfortable , relaxed , and supportive .
i mean this is the perfect job for me right now .
you know , i was a bit concerned about my weight .
i still have to giggle that mom had me grocery shopping yesterday .
: - .
but he tells the hill : . it was all in good fun . ''
probably because i do n't want to remember a lot of what happened .
it was good , bad , and full of ugly weather and people .
i blame the parents who beat them with the ugly stick .
so then the parents then make the decision to purchase an ugly stick in the child will live a little
i 'll stop now
i have never heard anyone use a as a key in instrument an in emo book '' .
and the best part is that it sounds different from the other stuff i 've been listening to .
very interesting stuff that .
i clicked the post and publish button .
just when i opened the office , i saw .
he saw me but he did n't move you see .
and the whole time i was taking rice and when i closed the .
you should see him !
i would n't have survived that work night without you !
when i got home this morning everything was well , normal .
we spent the morning reading through the of the , season finale until i finally had off .
i remember she was still sweet .
then we took a bath , dressed up
it was just scary for me i guess .
and she replied , .
you love me but you were breaking up with me last night ? ''
oh well , i guess i was a victim of my own emotions and my to handle them to be
normally , she 's the one who 's always and i 'm the one who 's more of .
i started asking myself if this is really the kind of person i want to be with for the
but the truth is , i ca n't do it .
so you want to break with me 'cause i 'm disgusting ? ''
knowing how mean she could get , i was thought where she makes off that .
so there that is how i was by my own emotions and my daughter to handle them .
the job part of it all is knowing how mean she could get .
well , she did apologize for making me cry
as the cliche goes jokes are half meant .
some parts were funny , some really cheesy .
two movies in a row ?
we 'll see how i feel after work .
she 's the person !
too soon i began to realize a part of her that to my sensitive heart .
she is no longer the one .
how can i be wrong ?
nothing i can do .
meeting people on campus and on the streets is one for adventure .
or should i learn not to be afraid of falling out of love ?
so much more romantic and magical .
anyhow that 's all i really wanted to say know .
via the weekend blog , the ?
drive a small , the car ?
they 're sort of like this only less !
ca n't get out enough .
friends are all ?
and lots of the office i 've met could n't be further from my notion of ' .
thanks , annie , for that common that but !
let 's put it this way : i am care '' , but i do n't .
were a nerd in high school ?
perhaps someone who knew me in high school could .
i had lots of friends .
constantly covered in dust ?
at home by night .
anyhow , but practically only when i ca n't avoid it .
abilities in the yarn arts ?
was great to share a good old slightly pissed diva .
worried much , ?
it 's amazing to me how . they are .
oops there 's that language again .
i guess to make sure we did n't dream the whole thing .
i get mad and sad .
in january alone he sent me over NUM emails .
but i 'm the one who 's obsessed ?
in a very specific and personal way .
talking to myself and feeling old .
nothing ever seems to fit .
rainy days and mondays always gets me down .
nothing is really wrong .
some kind of lonely clown .
i 'm fairly good at remembering lyrics .
i 'd be down if the sun was shining today .
was n't me exactly .
but it still feels like rejection .
he has n't been this happy in months .
i should get busy .
i stayed up late last night reading other blogs .
i 'll drink my pepper and the sugar and might make tonight start my personality and i 'll get to
it 's like when i was a kid and someone broke the in the living room .
she just wanted to know , you know ?
moral of the story : never trust my mom .
you think the passion of the christ has some violent scenes , you should have seen my childhood .
i 'll admit that take me does n't do anything for bat speed bat or speed foot .
but you have to admit though : this having does look pretty much these days : .
when i went out of my car this morning to go to my office mary was sitting in my
it really did n't make me feel any better .
the wedding went well .
it is so weird to think of chad as married .
our relationship has always been much more than that of typical cousins .
it makes me a little sad when i think back to all the memories with him to realize that i
chad 's wedding has made me think of my own wedding .
that leaves me confused .
i 've really been spending my time lately trying to figure that out .
i love jon , i know that .
the jon now is less nice , less caring , more selfish .
but i 'm not so sure .
he claims he loves me so much , but why do i feel so lonely and for love for the
ryan : who reminds me so much of jon , the jon i first fell in love with .
he shows me he cares about me .
i find myself being less able to keep my husband about me around him .
i am torn between two guys .
that should be the same person , but it is n't .
he is not the more needs .
there is ryan , NUM minutes away as opposed to NUM hours .
jon .
is there someone else entirely ?
pray , pray for our our suffering brothers and sisters in .
wow these just keep getting more and more interesting
which drug should you be hooked on ?
i was actually doing a spot of work at office when something and the power was cut .
ran out to the balcony , heard a strange .
in a few minutes , the power was back .
i do n't know why i thought about this today , but here goes .
yes , i really was surprised .
should n't there have been lots of ?
something similar happened to me upon my return to germany .
, my father said .
i think my father laughed until he cried .
ideally played in new years last night and won .
i have NUM out of NUM right on the weekend so far , so we 'll see how that i
getting NUM right usually means you win a good amount of money .
it is always fun to do .
: the weather has been nasty : / rainy and cold and dark .
: p has the day off , he always has the day off before a test .
it should n't be too difficult .
what he did when he went away with school and what he has been doing around town near his
and he has plenty of .
and then he is done june .
last night we had a tea for work .
we asked everyone to dress up and bring their favorite tea cup .
some girls had hats , others had white - it , was great fun .
the tables looked great .
ah well , our tea party was fun and i think enjoyed this it .
as of friday , i was drinking four and five cups of coffee a day .
so today , i am up , the coffee !
the very loud security guy showed up , irritated , but nice nonetheless .
this week is simply not the week that god wants me to give up coffee .
i just called april .
never seen that girl drunk before .
one thing for sure tho , i did it with feelings and i meant every word i said .
through the , things will show me that you 're here to stay , and time will reveal .
i really enjoyed the part where you roll easy in any around a radio .
the blessing must come from within .
it was on my calendar today .
i know that i need to move on .
i know sometimes it seems like we 're back at square NUM .
i do want to find someone who will fall in love with me , but i 'm having trouble .
i just need to make my priorities .
i have a new phone . !
it 's wonderful to be so busy , and busy doing things that are cool and exciting !
if anyone of my friends in san francisco are reading this and are doing something for fun , but i
maybe we can hit up and .
it is a bliss to read that he enjoys my wife as much as i enjoy his own entries .
keep doing what you are doing just the great way you are doing it .
i am up the laptop as i write this .
first : get a laptop big nice desktop replacement type for the road .
thank god for fridays .
seems like all it does in is rain .
no plans this weekend just gon na chill with and .
why dont the week go by like the weekend ?
i can honestly say this month has been sucked and it just got started .
with my grandma not .
i do n't know what i 'm going to do now .
i 've tried and tried to make my life better but nothing has worked .
i had him sit on the of the with this the and pushed him off .
because of her age , the girl can not be .
the boy fell onto below .
he suffered these necklace as he fell .
i 'm going to tell your mom . ''
after making him sit on the fence , she .
had i had him money him but he did n't give it back .
, japan , june NUM , NUM mail me !
the art of war as in the art of war ?
well there is nothing on but registration says it is not available yet
i guess how was the beach ?
that hang out at said blog . '' ''
the most common picture taken at the wedding famous market of .
every thursday and sunday is the market day in work . ''
the market is said to be the largest native market in north america .
mom and .
if you 've a relationship recently , you might see the in your own life .
but if you 're a random reader , you may not want to bother .
but this web log is n't my job , it 's just a rant .
thanks , this . the and .
that fact is both terrible and wonderful .
but i am them , too .
how do i am for what i 've lost , what we 've lost ?
it would be so much easier if she were ugly .
instead , she 's there to checkbook me , asking what 's wrong ? ''
and that 's why this is wonderful .
but it 's horrible , knowing she does n't love me any more .
i see you there , next to me , and all to i want is do to kiss you .
but my emotions tell me otherwise .
had my body still wants to be with you .
and with that , she from the embrace and leaves the room .
there 's so many that could have that .
i 'm through with saying this forever '' before i 've spent a month with someone .
i 've dated five women , three of them very seriously .
i gave up everything to be with them .
i 've learned to trust someone who 's loved and cared about me as much as i have about .
i just let it be .
i am no longer the man . wants to be with .
but with a woman like her , it wo n't take long before the men start up on the .
what was i doing dating a high ?
i do n't think i failed .
part of me knew that from the start .
and now it 's gone .
whether to ignore girls for a year or two , letting work , god and friends top priority on the
whether to make a career move .
thanks for reading this .
are you a great date so bored
you 've got the gold !
get the rest of the good news on your dating .
i was checking celebrity birthdays for today not something i do often and up came the subject .
it 's actually pretty impressive what the cubs have been able to do with all of the the they .
but take note of the cubs ' .
now , lee can i from my job of the wild card for the cubs , with the .
wood , prior , and should all be back by , just in time for the stretch .
there is a first for everything and now is that time for me .
photos from lake some of our holiday from lake NUM
someone recently asked me what really what gets you off ? ''
i need to document these culture this new , these , these and details .
: NUM what has been my intense sexual experience to date ?
NUM what is my one fantasy of that i know that i could someday make a reality ?
i have nothing to say ; i purchased a rolling stone magazine this evening during my grocery shopping .
i 'll spare you the you , # NUM % pepper # NUM , # NUM are also .
there are things i 'm afraid to noticable , so i 'll just say them .
because i do n't want to it .
with completed '' is such a relative term , you am sure to be screwed .
ironically , also thats the same week i 'm scheduled to fail my to class .
i hope to get some to put together a demo .
i really have nothing to noticable tonight .
i 'm tired in that i miss the peace with my father pendleton .
so everyone who lives there beware .
i was a little tired , but was hoping to go out and do a little something on this .
i do n't think i could have had a more on the money night .
i went out , had fun , and i was in by midnight to get some sleep .
the girlfriend has come in for a visit and is on his way to take my car back .
not a total loss , but a nice comfort while i had it .
posts have been in short supply lately , i 'll try to pick up over the next few weeks .
NUM : NUM .
here is a of the most of exciting thing that happened today .
the angry says : ?
says : so he decided not to bring him back to life because it was likely the dog .
says : and dies says : so , i cried .
i cried during the original black and white production of the of of cinema , as my dad .
after that , i never cried during a movie until the green mile .
cant say that anymore i guess .
so , i guess im a .
sometimes , i truly enjoy his work .
language surrounding bullshit ideas , but theres just enough , interesting time to help me like him .
an example of this was a bit i read last night .
consequences be damned ; were just here for the trial .
but , what the fuck tom ?
basically , hes saying things would be better if .
i guess what i took out of it is that one has to be of right now , right .
the middle path is , which is sort of funny , .
i am going to work for the evil today .
and for the daily does of there is a lot of snow on the ground , and the .
i 'll have to look into a new board now * !
the only job that i missed were actor , .
otherwise there t too many surprises on oscar night .
damn you and your comic genius , kara !
no more heavy winter coat !
day one of summer of the stars features john wayne , an actor who i am usually not to be
but in order to fully experience movies this month , i decided to give john a wayne try .
wayne plays sean , an american who moves to his back in for the .
the quiet man is also very irish -- rrb green spoon playing , marriage love , horse racing , and
they have their first kiss there , not only in the but if also during a .
she turns him down , as any woman should , and the brother .
they have a total gone with the wind moment , as mary kate .
i got distracted by the end of the movie , but it ends up with the challenging brother sean .
sean rides his horse to her rescue and her back to the town and her brother .
i was pleasantly surprised by the quiet man .
his voice is so .
what did i do you ask . ?
we watched real world on demand which was awesome , and then started watching sleeping with the enemy .
but i 'll try my best .
the asian lady me open me , but i .
while homer went to the bathroom we learned that we would n't get for the bbq after .
we stopped on the way back and had lunch , and then headed home while writing down numbers for the
i 'm off today .
i 'm very proper , often .
what sort of hat are you ?
i do n't know if that 's sad or cool .
NUM . the national for in for the .
glass of rough red wine while supper .
i 've been reading the books of michael lee west .
it is full of full of that make my mouth water .
i wish my civil professor would professor let us know which .
it 's not on the exam and i 'm not going to spend any time on it . ''
and workers culture who refuse to send comic books via media mail of that included the web / with .
$ NUM for a ticket , of .
that 'll teach me to lottery tickets for a cause i 'm not really all that concerned about the
they , i 'm a little bitter .
and i do n't even get a tax .
as the media keeps talking about , this was a night where john kerry had to let the public .
he 'll join the of great democrats .
first , clark spoke to those beyond the base , specifically to the .
the republicans love to bring back images of the vietnam war and , why is not ?
anyway , it 's their opportunity to say .
heard the of enemy of .
on the on .
sent men and women into battle .
their said immediately me much of : does not have a lie into the truth . ''
the democrats believe in being smarter smarter . ''
the safety of our country life intelligence intelligence .
the safety of our country making more making friends and enemies .
finally , clark makes the very clear point that democrats make good leaders , particularly john kerry a .
he 'll join the of great democrats .
great democrats like .
my fellow americans , democrats are leaders .
a . s. are in a season of great possibility and great hope .
the leaves are a little worn but the message is still strong .
we walk on this night .
and we are americans .
with '' yahoo kerry , the younger one , has actually been rather about marriage .
she is a true for the lesbian , gay , the .
i traveled with my father almost every day of that long , cold month .
not one week when he lost his fight .
he had the courage to take to and fight for a beliefs until others if may have given up .
it is an important question .
here 's my answer .
he believes in challenging to set to dream and follow .
and at my father 's core is .
. has been there since the beginning .
and for me that possibility is by a tree by now my father on 's desk .
hand has introduced her sister kerry , who has not been as out front as her younger .
takes a more personal approach , telling a story about how her father her sister 's denim .
look at the country you live in . ''
he said : i know men NUM your age exact , who thought they had the same future you .
they do n't feel this sun .
if there 's if it is something you like , something that needs to be changed , change it .
remember that you are alive .
those two things make you the in girl in the world . ''
to youth everywhere , she out out and says the future is in our hands .
we walk on this night .
and we are americans .
they 're smart , this and beautiful !
even before i knew john kerry , he was my friend .
max the former from georgia and vietnam war hero max war was the man charged with the .
i was NUM years old .
one day , on leave from the hospital , a friend was pushing me around the city , in the
i fell forward out of the ?
i remember trying to lift myself up off the street .
that the that were n't getting good care .
those were difficult days for me .
i won , but when i got there , in NUM , i was a newborn voice .
it was john kerry .
tonight , i 'd like to let you know , that even before i met john kerry , he is
even before i spoke with john kerry , he gave me hope .
john kerry finally , john kerry came in to accept his from the democratic party .
the crowd , of course , went wild .
this , this was the most boring part of the speech for me .
i already feel like i know who he is .
i want to know how he 's moving forward .
and , despite reports that kerry would not make pointed about the bush administration , he did .
i want an america that .
oh , that 's right .
let 's build .
but , you 'd have to be an idiot not to know what kerry was referring to .
republicans like to be us as .
but , there are just as many democratic people of faith .
but faith has given me values and hope to live by , from vietnam to this day , from the
as homer told other where , i want to pray that we are on god 's side .
i 'm bummed , though , that the convention is over .
i 'm hoping that kerry gets the giant dew he deserves coming out of the convention .
i want to go and visit but money ?
another friend is !
there 's a dinner tomorrow night .
i do n't know what to do about mother 's day .
show up and surprise everybody at the party
that 's not the only goal but it 's the most distant .
ca n't believe that i thought i was fat then !
saturday morning i was headed to the gym for my weekly school dose .
uh , , wait .
is that of our culture or what ?
what 's the last weekend dream that you remember having ?
do you have any for dreams ?
i would dream that i was falling down .
have you ever written your dreams down or considered it ?
i would like to , but i would never remember them .
have you ever had a job dream ?
if i did , i did n't remember it .
i 'm telling mark about the troubles .
the real reason i hate is that you is that ca n't bullshit .
i guess eventually i 'll get over the idea that i need to write for someone , rather than the
i mean , * i am have my thoughts , why should i write them down ?
your honor , the for the weekend is attempting , to enter side to tracks avoid to the .
man was i strange .
i guess i 'm trying to say that i am a lot .
for depression i was struggling with during my first year as a teacher .
i 'll just get my job out
ohh day had a good time at pub our local .
well off to lunch now ohh did ya here ?
NUM dive poison flowing through my office , while some of the , of my heart .
a poison in my body , in my blood , but gods i love it , fall into it .
he talks about the people who are ignored by the system .
good , good , good .
the debate is fun .
he went and told an old man this ; ' i find myself in peace , without an enemy .
i have created a which is linked to the left .
i 'm still working on work by downloading NUM and pictures of pick to from to post .
i might even be a real market picture of me i took this morning with my job if i had
today is one big blur .
but not before i saw wilson 's gas station down on gate selling road gas for NUM cents .
q is all the learning - capacity feeling for what it would like to live inside somebody else 's .
everytime , i say i 'll never do it again and yet i seem to forget by the next week
yes - .
i think i accused the french of it .
well , last week i finished my course and sure , really enjoyed it .
so i 've started .
i had a meeting with her yesterday and she offered me work on the spot .
so i 'm in options in at the moment and i have never felt so wanted !
one day a local bum came in and bought a of beer with money he 'd from the new .
later customers started complaining about the drunk bum outside .
i always like to give my manhood jesus about how she got the bum arrested .
i had to do it .
fate has pushed me this far , i can not stop now .
she t stop talking about it .
finally , i t take something it and it led me to the inevitable situation i am in now .
she sits there quietly , not moving but of course breathing .
it is now or never .
my hand .
what it had that so many ? do n't is .
except in the case of the office you have fifteen in ugly and one and the .
do you know the in man ?
a few years ago i found cash 's music and became an instant fan .
that was a great road trip .
the man in black grew up in work and had a rough start in life .
mostly , i will miss his ability to tell a painful story through music .
johnny , i 'm gon na miss ya !
even in into sick to work one day .
it feels as if that is all i have done all week .
by the time i got to work i felt as though i could go back to sleep again .
still have a horrible cough thought .
today though for the first time i have the urge to pick up my pen again .
the fact that i want to do this means that i am definitely on the .
i have been writing some notes for that and i may actually get that story i started a while .
i hope you like it !
this , however , means that the old comments are gone yeah , that 's right - deal .
are a crazy nation for lottery .
and the relationship between easy money and earned money seems to be very complicated .
thinking what too much money would bring makes you wonder if you want to get all the that that i
i often dream what i would do with the money if i won .
most people , including me , probably would n't even want to win the .
it 's get and .
what comes to me
no , i did not speak with the boss about the jackass .
elizabeth , he wo n't have any problem at all standing up to him .
she feels to take to abuse in order to it from others , and i ca n't fault .
i do n't think she 's quite to the extreme , but she could get there .
i can be a perfectly stubborn , selfish bitch when , but her mother .
because we are , in almost every way , .
we get along great -- i do n't find her quiet acceptance of all things particularly jackass annoying .
i like that she stays so positive , no matter what .
but the big difference between myself and , she can stay calm and it when he treats it .
so i 'll be the one with the court this , and she 'll be the one with the
she gets it much worse than either .
want to put a from on from the next match then mr julian * * * * .
in the end i had to come upstairs to look at 's picture of her from .
now i ca n't get .
now i am hoping the whole shoulder issue gets resolved before i get that far !
i am tired !
vacation time is right around the corner !
, what a fantastic little .
yes thats right no laws .
homer got to love .
the was hidden behind the peak of .
the of the of him viewing him more of the other than what was directly in front of the
of course it did , but not same as he was some in his mirror .
the birds were singing their office quite loudly for this time of morning .
they usually have hiking together after the weekly chores were done .
the mountains were like that .
how often had their plans changed after starting out so ?
drinking his coffee and thinking .
he tried to avoid looking at them .
once you know they are there , you can not help but see them .
together the three faces stared back at him , as they had done every morning .
he had not seen the other face immediately at all .
he thought this was interesting , but that is was temporary .
true enough , when winter arrived , they from work from view , and he thought less about them .
now , after four years , he believed they were here to stay .
they too could make out the familiar faces , if only after a bit of .
he wondered why they were not known at all ?
until it fell off , like the s nose , one day .
in , they had an indian that appeared in the office shadows , and then was gone .
perhaps are easier to understand and demand to less from us ?
in the upper , right hand corner , near the top of the cliff , was a young woman .
her face slightly turned to him .
she had a clean , straight nose , and a gentle , as smile .
the continued within on around her cheek and down past her neck to finish the of his room .
on the of the of the where her ended was a great , and then the start the .
his face was more than her face , and clearly , almost as .
perhaps it was only the look from this man in stone that gave that impression ?
it was only after he came to see the third face that he realized who they were .
it was never down on the right hand side .
he had first missed it until his had pointed it out .
paul and his mother had come to visit during their second summer in .
although not !
no church on earth could .
so he enjoyed challenging somewhat the views of the in organized religion .
given it was a small apartment they had given up their bedroom to paul and his mom .
although the apartment was not large , it was warm , and .
for many months now , perhaps from the beginning , they had had their problems .
how could god s on earth allow real such things to much , and to remain and silent .
as paul sat on the bed and on these things on the boy , became visible to him .
perhaps it was his faith and looking for answers to questions ?
somewhere a dog .
he knew he would not walk alone .
i think i will tell mom on friday night .
i expect yelling , and crying , and guilt trips , and , and god knows what else .
it really bothers me that i ca n't fix this .
no matter what i do , i ca n't help .
i have already started saving for january .
to hold for the palm in of your hand , an eternity in an hour '' william .
then i am for another one and who knows if the same thing happens .
my life does not suck .
it was once said about a young man that he was a credit to his mother .
as with all things , work is key , and this is no exception .
credit sadly no longer .
five other individuals stand in his way , five men who on their day all have had certain of the
its a league , but not one you want to win .
of course , i realize the .
there are just two rules , says the mix company mix - no dogs and no .
movie star , who played in the hit film little , is among the other attended who .
it would be it better to be home , '' said frank , who owns a cat .
i have to this torture my cat and bring her here but she is not having fun , '' .
the idea is that you can bring them and start them . ''
kim 's christmas photo essay this just in !
they replace the halloween party .
then i was thinking of girl by another maybe not .
and if only if you were lonely '' by the .
those two are definite , though .
worth checking out if you like weird movies that have easily heard off the beaten track .
maybe off to la today !
when i was NUM i started telling jokes .
that 's what i 'm still doing .
happy , in this and .
found nothing of interest ; a a .
fairly normal for us .
now i know what people who works in film industry had to cope with everyday .
nevertheless , i am glad to be part of the crew .
we 'll see what happened .
sleep will be another .
fuck , let 's do it .
this is a site provides some fantastic and to videos .
they cost around $ .
these are , .
please check them out . !
well , it has been a couple days since i last posted - been busy with house things .
most of you came over to watch it in action , but i would n't call santa ' .
i just finished watching the two towers .
no i did n't panic , at least not much , haha .
cold and wet , just like !
it feels like you could n't hurt a fly
so , please join and post your thoughts .
encourage one another , and build each other up .
as i sit here .
i 'm afraid i 'll have it running through my head all day now .
met another at his office this morning and we made an offer on the house .
i have to leave this up to god and my dad .
and why does the bush administration want a a dun about weddings ?
birthdays are important ; let 's put them in the great document .
you know , to send the right message to kids .
hey , how about we privacy ?
they ca n't all marry .
but now they push programs to marriage for some people for encourage and it for others .
but in george bush 's mind , marriage is only a beautiful lifetime bond of love and sharing .
please , i kid .
they really believe that ?
their position does n't come from the bible .
scroll well , you know what ?
and the ones who pretend they can usually turn out to be the biggest freaks . ''
they need a man with a slow hand !
i love him more than anything in this world .
this little alien has changed the way that i see practically everything .
i love this baby more than any of you can imagine .
i think i love her too .
it even smells pretty .
same at a lot of jobs i suppose .
the guy that i will put it , does be sure when to shut in his fucking mouth while .
i had been the butt of the same joke for a few weeks the same joke .
it was full , i might add .
i did n't hear any .
i do doing doing it though .
want free movie tickets ?
would n't these questions be more appropriate on a site not owned by one of the ?
* bad santa is meant to be great too , but i have n't seen it .
i had a great with work , chicken , , and a of - cheese .
now , my job for the afternoon must be on my .
i just read about it on cnn .
i like .
i think everyone should watch in this '' on usa .
i think i want to be a mystery .
bad customer service : into my job in open and then what on my hot dog .
i blame several things for this lack of activity .
two , the high - content of .
how big would this one shoe have to be ?
if so , we should put some wheels on this thing and call it a .
now i 'm upset .
where did he come from ?
where can i get one ?
i like it when patrick gets into what i like to call passionate singing mode .
for the grace of god , go i .
and for the grace of god , kevin , for the grace of god , our love .
today is a day like any other here .
but there was no girl .
unfortunately , she .
following are parts of my daily at yahoo at yahoo !
through this past weekend , i 've wierd .
someone you 've only thought of may be seeing you in an entirely different light .
if you 've been wondering about it , wonder no longer .
you NUM - that dance you 've been doing with a much older or younger person ?
time to decide what you want to do next .
but you see , when something like this comes up , its quite .
its really ridiculous what i 've done , so i 'm just going to stop bothering .
just how noble is that ?
i got ta keep another ' .
where i travel everyday from home to work to home .
a smooth ride at last .
not like friday at all .
really do n't feel like eating at the moment .
and feel sick now .
should really get to the wedding soon , buy some decent food .
why the hell is it friday ?
feels like it 's time for years .
i stayed up till NUM : NUM am editing the concert audio .
i was falling asleep the whole day at church .
had to sleep on the floor with libra naman eh !
remember that god you and loves you in all you do .
i have wild in my yard .
this year i 've seen as many as eight out at one time .
, the cats , and i love watching them play from our windows .
they are .
their little are very and their runs in are determined .
yesterday i discovered where at least some of them live .
how is it that their house is so close and i never noticed before ?
i 'm sure that they chose to live next door .
he 's just been acting in this way that makes me think he does n't care for me to be
then i read this today , maybe it 's some advice i 'm suppose to take : do n't do
but you did n't stop .
my god work fucking sucked ass today .
a monitor started smoking , were at other , the duke was n't working , the phone system went to
my energy levels are pretty low .
i 've been wanting to bake a pizza from scratch of late
counting myself i have NUM people set for vegas .
i now have gary and in my personal network .
i was linked via linda , , abby , and to .
is from like san francisco and goes to .
the rest of the high school ?
but he 's not gay .
with interests outside the domain of the traditional , , .
but he 's not that different , at all .
-rrb- homer such as great men say make up as much as NUM per of their for the .
gone are the tough male images , even from beer and car ads .
the men 's title says its fashion and advertising has purchased NUM per past over the past NUM .
now .
straight men , some believe , are changing because women their demand were an greater effort with their own .
the workplace itself has changed for many men , too .
homer is , when our home entertainment systems , we would expect guys to be motivated by and .
which is what .
poor kid , she gets so sick with that .
the weather 's been nice enough today that i actually got an of yard work done .
mark and i are trying to lose weight .
otherwise it 's such a waste !
my oldest died last week ; the monster cleaned up his remains .
my husband has grown .
they 're not very sure , as pets go , but they sure are quiet .
of course , once this morning , we had just to play all night so no other work actually .
: d this one 's from clay : this one 's from paul : yay !
today , driving home from the store , heat process of the moment '' by asia was playing .
now that phrase is stuck in my head .
one results were : group b :
just got this comment : here , here !
i know quite a few .
new york , dc and even clinton ny are with former farm hands .
look if you ca n't make money .
only someone who is incredibly arrogant would think they deserve to be paid to keep a failing business running .
where would higher education be without public ?
and of course are not perfect , but who do you trust to make decisions in a democracy .
i feel the need to post , but i have little of value to say .
if you 're not , i 'll drink a for frozen with salt .
i got myself a .
in my ears better man by dew williams
i am a food addict to the core .
i think that this plan will be really successful because on it , i do n't have to make the
there is no room to push the -- either i 'm drinking a shake or i 'm cheating .
as a result , i 'd always end up feeling guilty , then eventually falling off the plan completely .
i 'm proud of who i am , but i want to change .
the number without is quickly being by the number with .
good service tonight at out .
i think it 's sounding better in there all the time .
it 'll get there sometime .
ice cream is good .
i 'm really tired and need to get some sleep it 's be ready a long .
mom happy with . roses .
the thing about pathetic people is that they see the truth and still on it .
but you know , all these character flaws , working on them .
now you know why i was a little to to talk about it .
now put those . aside i really want to explain the real reason behind me and so .
a much more distant , yet more an version .
perhaps , he would get that one day , i would hope so , because i like him .
so we go back to our work place , because we were sitting down in town hall , under the
ah , i dont know .
spring is here isnt it ?
when call waiting happens , i tell her ill be there soon and end our conversation .
st st , the city .
i wouldnt be much use really .
wont review it , just recommend it .
i 'm home all the time .
you blew it up !
damn you all to hell !
she left the board , but i kept in touch with her , and we have become online friends .
love to all , take care .
i have a shower radio in my shower .
so , shower , shower radio , mirror in shower .
i do n't have an awesome voice .
there , i said it .
i sometimes wonder about the things .
not that singing in the shower is that odd , but just funny .
it was then that i knew i had a problem .
so this is a blog eh ?
well i do n't have much to say , just thought i 'd check it out and see what i
but i 'm not sure i can get it or not
miss you and your * *
the final vision killer i want to highlight from george 's book cover the power of vision '' .
the tragedy is that it leaves nothing in place for the long run .
we the past to enjoy the present at the expense of the future .
his vision may well the .
his knowledge and resources are our question , to pursue a vision for which he will be responsible .
he is not by time .
his timing is perfect .
his vision may lead you to such activities .
summary of the whole in the end , you are the only person who can limit your ability to be
they are not that just that remove you from the action on the spiritual playing field .
it sometimes drives .
i tend to dream big , pray about it and then talk about it , to work people , i
they , like a job , however , can take time to grow .
they are a great encouragement to a job as long as they first catch the dream !
how .
monday error or hopeless a thinking ?
at least NUM % there .
ok that was fun .
so i have n't updated my blog in a while .
well , i 've just been too busy .
okay , i confess , it 's partly my own fault .
the thing is , though , as a production company , you need to pretty much take any of the
it really gets me going .
you kinda forget all the negative responses .
hopefully , i 'll have a little bit more time after this weekend , when shooting has wrapped .
falls is falls an awesome site , but ' is certainly not relaxing .
can someone give me the highlights of the last week in a reply ?
no , not for my trip .
me , off to nyc , got two people on my list to see , and bringing boy along .
yeah , short time in each one .
go see these !
they talked for a little while , then !
they include : sleep on the roof .
i guess they should know .
what i of the word fuck are you ?
for some reason i am a day ahead .
i do n't know what the rush is where we have n't really got any plans .
plus you could possibly win an apple ipod or $ NUM and some other things .
i 'm convinced it was meant to be since it was my favorite color and top of the line .
we filled out to see if it was possible we could upgrade to a more powerful truck without a .
i do n't care too much since i did n't really like it anyway .
i knew had a cost plus world market so we drove around looking for it .
i first discovered it from the oprah show .
hubby bought me an asian looking wine .
saw one called fat bastard and i 'm thinking i 'll pick it up next time .
not sure how i feel about camping since it 's an experience i 've never really cared for .
have n't been up to much except the usual .
hey you got some good news at the doctor 's the other day .
funny list .
i to the that you that are there to help them .
itself looks like something together by , well , army .
but it 's good to know there is a healthy amount of in the military .
i 'm pretty sure he reads it every once in a while .
it is something i need .
i also worry of our job in he once is here .
i 've had too many years of pretending nothing is wrong , so it is hard for me to be
if fear was money , i 'd be rich , but rather i am ordinary , i am such .
you are NUM % gay !
the typical straight guy is only NUM % gay !
of course , i also liked the first movie , pitch black .
saturday , chris i had a very lazy day .
we kept jackson last night and we 've just had with with .
i 'm supposed to need to central park with several night i 'm looking forward to getting outside .
today , from work i say and you think ?
shallow : ditch NUM .
sidenote : . NUM .
abbott : literary work NUM .
girl : .
i do n't like television much , but watching a full length film is something i truly enjoy .
as i come across some good movies , i want to share them here .
it stars kevin and as rebel with .
. is the law this heading the .
plays a deep character who is an evil man with values that many values can relate to .
the hard part to deal with is the fact that you can understand his emotions , but not his
as the woman starts to pray , he the three with tape with and tape again for the .
you can see where he feels in his life in how and he with his .
the movie is rated for some violence some , sexual content and language '' .
and the violence is a couple of people being shot , the scene described above , and breaking space .
i ' the old it 's very eddie
just woke up from my deep .
when i feel really tired my body just switch off from this dat i do n sleep just heheh .
went to soon again for another training .
piss me off
the first thing shit is the vehicle to pick us back to camp never really came .
i still wonder if sat they will screw things up again my apartment told me to just .
i m sick of looking of helping them who in the reception seems to appreciate the work done .
but well
hang ard there do some window shopping when then with more at each food fest .
hopefully today will turn up well .
after dat still unsure yet but hopefully turned out angel : two cheers
i also bought a few nice shirts so that i have something for work .
this is a new thing for me , dressing in .
casual pants , usually .
i 've also been .
; note : skirts are weird .
i 'm very much used to pants which sit at my office , about two inches lower than my own
unfortunately , yes , that is the news : heather ann -- now in skirts .
well , off to a start to the morning , we went to the NUM : NUM showing .
it got to maybe if that by the time the movie started .
i was able to make it the whole way through an .
we had a quarter inch of snow when we left .
the roads were , but not too bad a driving experience .
i did like it but did get bored several times .
it was .
in the book he looks like the king who has come back .
but as a movie , if you never ever read the real thing , it 'll be a great .
and i 've managed to put something up atleast everyday .
it 's been pretty tough to think of topics to share .
to reward myself , i 'll be taking a break today .
i 'm such a sucker for stories like that .
after NUM or so excited i 've run out of things to say .
i need new bands to listen to .
but i know i 'll get tired of it soon .
i did see a couple of ed cds but i 've never really heard anything from him .
there 's a lot of free music out there but it 's really .
the one that i 've enjoyed the most is this band called the mountain .
i suppose they 're like death cab but not so sad .
they 're like a japanese garage band , .
not my cup of tea .
if you 're interested in hearing either the mountain ? com which can download some tracks from the .
the countries i 've visited .
for example , i 've not visited anything west of las vegas and the grand school in the usa .
i 've only been at the border of mexico .
most of my time in china was in the second largest island agency of china after taiwan .
create your own visited states map or write about it on the open travel guide you are .
people would consider you a good job , and one who is calm and mostly serious .
you may find out your best . brought to you by quizilla
the analysis for management classes are the most enjoyable and satisfying classes , mainly because of the way i had
and from the us .
although the .
the .
was n't
at least that 's what .
i had my usual english rebel with peanut butter , bowl of with with milk milk , and .
dinner was meat with sauce with sauce and a bit of cheese cheese .
i had water and diet .
i think i 'll start at again .
and stone 's , diamond .
with a little help from her family , grace is determined to keep private 's private life , just .
with plenty of our hearts bless '' thrown in this book is the perfect combination of drama and .
here 's some halloween related news for you .
i had it doubt to cheap at . ''
the wedding house did not identify the of the kit .
i may not see dead people , but sometimes you can feel them , or at least their spirits .
i have had really long conversations with both my mom and my brother who have many of the same .
ok its time for ms .
as far as i know all spoon fan or gives off a office field of some kind .
when a .
it just seems weird to me how most take place in a storm and in really old houses .
well i was close , it was around this time i found out much latter my boss was sleeping .
i have always had several off dreaming about shit before it happened .
the doctors were going to switch things for us and give us each others parts .
do n't call the hospital because i am sane , and i ca n't believe the future for others .
i am not sure if it was a spirit or somebody on this plain in trouble crying out for the
it could have been a dear friend in big trouble , i have several close to real big trouble .
they spirit stayed for about NUM minutes i felt it leave as i was off to sleep .
thanks for listening to the of an honest open next gal , and try to stay away from the
postcount the ' ; | postcounttb 'NUM ' ;
even us girls chill a little .
i went to see the for saturday at factory .
the singer was all and awesome .
listen to 's do n't bring me down like a billion times in her car going there and i have
at work now and passing the weekend out .
last night i was watching the breakfast club , with libra .
who would want to be king of the ?
be the king of .
i 'm not sure if he has a last name , but for now we 'll just call him .
homeless struggling to survive , work began his to .
the king found his in and women s clothing .
this eventually lead him to seek public office .
king .
if you take your picture with him he $ $ $ or drinks .
whatever your opinion of the homeless , he s certainly doing his part to keep austin weird .
besides , as mel taught us long ago , it s good to be the king .
he s pretty much the coolest guy ever .
NUM post in a row = i rule this blog .
- the captain has apparently abandoned ship .
has his lack of his writing his abilities ?
is he just wasted ?
insert mexican accent el !
i just saved a shit load of money on my car insurance !
i never thought i 'd feel this good
well check this out , remember i was telling you all about how i was going into business for the
if you ever need your car fixed i am telling you the best place on earth !
tom and tim are great and will take excellent care of you .
i wrote a song
i , i took the road less traveled by .
i 'm off on a road trip to the with the school .
not having a roommate .
yeah you got it .
and i miss that .
but i like the living room and kitchen to be -- especially -- the kitchen .
do n't get me wrong .
it 's fun and .
maybe that 's me .
people often think are afraid of the and social situations .
but can ? a great deal of big from big groups and social .
i go back and forth .
i 'm not going to tie it together .
i 've been thinking about my approach to writing here .
i regularly events as i tell them so that they wrap up nicely and in little moral in the
and more often lately , i 've been thinking about allowing more reality and practices to drift onto these .
this is one example of something i 've chosen to reveal in amounts amounts .
of course , not .
i 'm just saying
my friends and i were spending the sunday afternoon sound .
i 've always loved that song but never really paid attention to the lyrics because i was crossing the
i wanted to sing because i wanted to him .
so there i was , sitting on the floor , with my legs crossed , a singer and .
we out , we , we had fun .
we hugged while we danced , and i felt secure with the silence .
he looked at me straight in my eyes , ran his fingers through my face , and told me .
i would never forget that song .
i would never forget that moment .
and it is priceless .
i felt .
should i even comment on today 's events in iraq , the legal transfer of power in iraq of our
i guess they did n't want to compete with the opening day of his spiderman . ''
.
its very difficult to get up early in the morning and the whole clock is going for a .
the night time temperature has dropped to .
here is a neat story about .
neither of you are trying to hook up with her ?
NUM that 's that personal and in . ''
NUM .
i am him with his '' he 's half .
me not said but thought of i am based your right now .
apparently , i thought better of it and the i idea and jumped in a car going to get .
i wondered .
when i got home my roommate was asleep on the couch .
he was discussing some problem he had with a significant other .
proof that evil is in fact evil
i think you are '' that thought that had not even crossed my mind .
evil '' oh um nothing hahaha ''
ok , this one is hilarious , i got ta share it .
what 's up .
you 're cold and , like a big that 's .
you 're definitely not a weekend , unless you were born between october NUM and november NUM .
the good news is that this is apparently what you want .
but now i need to get back to work .
i never got around to writing my final valentine 's day news .
and now today i still do n't feel like writing , because now i 'm sick .
i 've had a sore throat all day .
i gave from work from yes a dozen roses , and she liked them .
i 'm probably gon na go to bed early tonight .
i desperately hope that the current project - .
if i am a digital camera to my computer computer can automatically appear photos from the camera into a
so much more is possible with work .
of examples : examples
come NUM : NUM , i 'm gone .
: sorry about the ceiling fan .
you know , it was my dad 's birthday and stuff .
he thinks he 's a pimp .
star NUM : NUM : NUM pm : why you think something wrong ?
star NUM : NUM : NUM pm : what u think ?
and who are u NUM determine or judge that ?
. NUM NUM : NUM : NUM pm for a problem .
love god
yes , for the $ NUM lost .
that is so sad .
how much weight have you lost ?
so , is that a new room in hell ?
please , i would n't wish that on my worst enemy , or that guy that lost $ NUM .
i have been looking for a new place for a few months now and finally found ideal .
think new orleans in .
i 'm sure she would have asked for a woman to it was n't for the suit .
now i 'm back on a quest for a nice place downtown .
did he fall off the face of the earth ?
maybe he 's changing his karma and has all things .
doc , where are you ?
this episode : what happened after breakfast !
i 'm beginning to be about myself to whether and i 'm okay out here on my own !
shouted , but '' nobody really cared about what she had to say .
`` oh , who gives a ? ''
scroll i just a !
he laid with his tongue with extended a in rather fashion .
james madison , leaning down and his face to his of justice for support .
bat bat 's safety ! ''
then he quickly hit over the with a rolled up newspaper .
be yo , lem me get this weekend .
two customers , actually .
they were wearing them .
not have also NUM , '' not , '' but '' .
this wall over here is all new stuff for the office NUM . ''
homer .
the game the ! ''
is he talking about wanting to play our demo ?
then i had a thought .
the game the ! ''
how be how ? ''
i had i ca n't give a discount . ''
apparently he did n't like that answer .
by this time , the first guy was thoroughly in his task of finding new violent stuff to be .
some of some of them . ''
consequently well , there 's , which is a great time . ''
you get you to blow their heads off ? ''
homer yeah , lem me get this , '' he said , without waiting for my .
consequently okay , you 'll get fifty cents for it . ''
yeah , and it was probably in NUM .
can you can remind me like a dollar for it ? ''
his okay , asks me trade this , too . ''
i had to break the bad news again : .
i tried to explain everything .
i told him how nobody wanted his old memory card from a system .
i agreed that it was unfair how this was the weekend from the millions of - and by the
freedom , however , would have to come another day .
here 's an article with a somewhat silly approach , but it works .
i think people make the a bigger deal than they really are .
i think new will show will us the real thing .
as long as it ai n't looking .
i think he 's got a good chance , as long as the press gets off his back .
or at least before it got so popular .
they pick an early candidate and turn against him except bush - he can do no wrong .
i love this those .
here 's my second effort .
ann and elizabeth are throwing a dinner party tonight and i have been asked to make pot from .
i have picked up the ability to make a mean pot .
they seemed simple and i was right .
the hardest part was finding all the ingredients .
i will keep you updated with my !
now go to the closest water cooler and discuss .
now i do n't know whether to watch on .
it gets really messy , but at least i enjoy it .
someone recently said .
our yard sale starts today at NUM : NUM .
took a of . last night though , and i slept pretty good .
this is a nasty little bug i got .
you can also find information about the military gas prices at .
gas saving tips from the to save energy to - stop - .
- replace air .
check out the department of energy 's web site to find the most .
- stop ! when you hear the click .
i have something to admit .
for the past several days , i 've been in glory in that was n't his mine .
but then there was a flash of lightning .
his flowing cape in the wind , and his eyes burned with the fire of a thousand .
he his finger his at me and , .
i can not keep your lies any longer !
the world shall soon know of your sins . ''
i was left , surrounded by a heavy fog of shame .
i 'm sorry if it raised your opinion of this shallow , by person .
when he has an original thought in his office head ?
ok , point taken .
i am , in fact , working from home today .
my wife and i went to see her doctor this morning .
what was surprising was finding out that we are having twins .
friday five by . clean '' fer NUM .
i do n't like putting laundry away .
are there any that you like or do n't mind doing ?
it is my favorite .
do you have a routine throughout the week or just clean as it 's needed ?
it 's just catch as catch can .
i am kind of .
this morning , after returning home from taking to work , i did the dishes and took some time .
i was in church in yesterday after my pastor made comments about his job from living against this marriage ''
then out of the same mouth that had made these comments , the answer to my anger .
NUM the NUM lord is my job , i shall not be in want .
he !
you my head with oil ; my cup .
ann : what the ?
i had no idea need : rebel in sounds f * ing sick .
tara : NUM months !
sin city ooh it 's official !
i 'm not going to pull a britney or anything .
tell me , how joey potter and harry potter are related to each other .
is sharon stone a relative of stone stone , if it 's not , why stone ?
what 's the '' stupidest '' between this dad and son ?
never .
why not cage cage , why not ?
i could have used some more instead of seeing him in stupid future crappy dresses ?
does hollywood has a talent on killing those guys ?
i bet he 'll always remembered with his role at my best friend my wedding 's '' .
there are more examples of that like these folks i 've mentioned .
he 's supposed to be the new mel of new generation .
i think he 's grown up enough .
is he a member of those family that their face has never grow old .
what the hell was that troy ?
people are watching .
please , bring the classic and traditional cinema back .
where is my , where is , my lock stock and two smoking ?
why is they mad at kevin when he does the same thing .
does people ask jim to stop doing the same ?
it 's bad for some people to change .
, please kiss george michael this time at your next show .
never change buddy , never change .
do n't listen to them .
totally should n't be doing this , but ca n't help it , read this .
i 've been my favorite new channel channel NUM channel - music lab for about NUM .
of course , there are other channels you can stream , too , but who gives a frog 's
it 's the end of week NUM and it is fair to say they 're working me hard .
i 've been celebrating but i 've not actually had time to buy anything yet .
this is n't exactly !
it 's may fast and although a little looking i am sure that 's going to change .
there 's nothing like it in the miami valley !
i will try again later .
ok , back to try the quiz again .
that people ca n't really understand unless they live it .
i had a great conversation with a woman in an aol tonight about tonight did .
but she gave me perspective on it and a few ideas of things to read .
but i do n't want that !
i saw .
it seems france and russia , along with the un .
iraqi bean , fortunately , kept records .
was it just a coincidence that the man is a close political and financial of president of the .
all told , NUM french companies and individuals got a piece of this trade .
but they 're not alone .
some billion are to the russian state .
can we continue to respect his claims that the only un can the give war of an .
i 'm so sad about this .
he was hot as a young guy .
i 'm almost as sad as i was last summer when died .
i 'm a huge , huge classic movie fan , and it 's sad to see them go .
i ca n't take this anymore .
you have to give it to me .
me : .
sidenote : .
sidenote : .
tricia042 : !
i 'm the only that works here . ''
me : .
me : .
me : of the company of you just called . ''
me : this is this not the military , sir .
sidenote : homer is smith your real name or your ? ''
tricia042 : your the .
me : .
and so on , and so forth , and .
which is all essentially the same thing .
he flipped out , saying , you give it still the law !
so i just thought there , and he said really , .
and boy , did it piss him off .
and i told him the truth : .
i told about the conversation , he and laughed and said it was great . ''
at least she 'll be back on monday .
moving forward again
the store office , today after work and bought myself a very hot purse to that has seen .
i will be relaxing on the couch and the wisdom of the atkins this weekend .
i think it 's been out for a while - we 're kind of behind here though .
the plot is just window dressing .
this turns her into a kind of natural experiment for what high school can do to a normal , and
you see , in africa , none of the boys pay attention to her .
how much conflict you feel over this generally links on how old and how this are you .
i can hear lindsay from ?
i 'm not sure why it was so funny .
kudos to you , tim , for realizing that your in - now life .
it was .
but back to the story .
not are living are unemployment - you can do to change it , including being rich and successful .
successful , occasional , halo , of years , bad , incredibly rich , dated , , and i
i guarantee you that he never from the from that of experience .
not exactly , are they ?
with p . ''
the rest is predictable .
probably because we share a bedroom .
i ca n't believe that .
actually over the last year , there has been so many changes .
needless to say , it has been the absolute most wonderful thing that has ever happened to me .
is so incredible , it 's hard to put into words just exactly how much i love that i have
he may be right though , who knows ?
we had to win all three to the win tournament , we lost the last game by two runs .
needless to say , by the end of the night , i was dead tired and sore .
mike said i everytime i moved last night .
got to do a few things around the house .
but only the of shall has hail the .
i have been working like mad crazy !
trying to get some stuff wrapped up before i go on vacation .
yeah , ya can only can hope !
now and have one to go to meet my goal for this month !
, and i am getting ready to paint !
i 'm going to be working on a very cool horse too some time this week .
my gave me a great recipe to get rid of it before my grass is completely out of the
so that 's on my schedule for today too !
lol all is well , a lovely start to a week that looks like it might warm up .
short answer : i do n't .
therefore i have elected to begin this series , on what i hate about .
issue one : the food is bad and .
have you ever eaten my cooking ?
i am not , as one would hope , able to eat in any of the university 's .
what kind of ?
not that i 'm that .
tonight , only an hour .
i did n't find one , but came away with under the sun and america 's .
i 'm in heaven .
i love the smell of books .
a story a night .
escape from on a his ship .
not what i was really looking for .
we travel to open our hearts and eyes and learn more about the world than our to can be .
that they that were saving us much money by making these .
thank you kiss my ass .
.
this getting up early in the morning crap has got to stop to spare my sanity .
after all , it is winter , and winter always gives me annoying feelings .
her eyes react to light differences , but all she sees in general is a big blur .
talked to the vet myself , he fucking idiot , and should never be near animals .
i hope i 'm not just seeing what i want to see .
these years already have principal , of course , and little need for .
i am now wearing a sec that has an american flag and the words the wing i love on ''
then i went to the bank and for my paycheck .
can i say it again ?
in their office
me and do n't know who is ?
it used to be that the would set up their table at the spot on a .
it started off with one of the '' leaving up behind a job and at the .
but do n't leave it at the door where we keep architecture design related .
not many days after , a .
the only other people on the block are , and i 'm not talking about that lame .
no , this was being held out to be somewhere around my upper office and neck area .
a lot of this is to be expected from candidates in an election year , but it 's only .
at least john kerry can be voted for come whatever day the are here .
yes , i know the same can be said of the democrats and republicans , but there 's a few
can we be the insanity ?
that being said , i have a few interesting stories .
when she he turned around , it became obvious that she was actually a he .
he immediately a half embarrassed look on his face and this just made me laugh harder .
last night i was posted up alone , jason was off working at one of our the .
i watched a good movie that i caught about NUM min into it .
that is like my time all fav .
and of course i guess it helps that julia is my fav .
sean can do it for me too , its the accent and his looks are not on the either .
that john and his sexy .
i remember when i was a kid i would watch those movies and pretend that i was in and i
jason and i purchased some into pictures while we were in colorado and had them mailed to us .
well the wall that i would like them on is kinda a thin wall .
i grabbed .
he shows complete in me , and ahem im not .
the kind of person you duck from when coming in and out of your house .
when she is always going to her apt .
well , hes not !
i figured that i can just wait till the light of the next day .
i flipped through the channels some more and found candles sixteen .
during the commercials for the movie , i wrote NUM letters .
they are thank you letters for the experience that they included me in .
caught up on some of my , robert and i back and fourth and i wrote an .
i could kick his ass , but in a nice way .
that cant go , so i will leave her a treat when i leave the house .
now the pain has spread into a headache as well .
movie tonight , and the twin polish will be there tonight before the showing .
yes , we 're british .
it might actually be too good to tell , though .
i finally got through the bush kerry site to see the cartoon .
got my toes done , little .
i was living another night episode i asked very nicely to have my little flowers done .
consequently '' yes then a whole lot of smiling with teeth and a lot of talking .
this will get me into trouble .
wo n't list calories but it was way beyond NUM .
saturday food : nothing .
the calories about the same as on friday .
at one go that 's how i did it .
and mind you , i had two weeks of serious about the same quality as these two .
but i have n't eaten either , so something is going right .
oh right , i 've probably mentioned it before oops ^_^ , brain not working .
now bear in mind that i have loved this album since its original release some years ago .
any is rain trying : '' i think it 's about some things trying to mess about with the
.
it was about time travel , so it 's supposed to be all of and .
and please do n't call me !
government on in began in this article NUM .
all good and .
this must not bother the dealer in russia .
he is them cars wherever he can find them , '' said of .
when by this business the journal , job management basically said their business were nobody else 's .
.
too bad it looks like that night train is .
he went on to claim that the are not bound are for russia , but would not their .
the i 'm buying the cars , that 's true .
but that 's not the destination of these cars .
these cars are not going to be you 're on the right track .
this sort of thing is hardly unique to .
companies located around the world sell cigarettes from -- from medical to humidity and -- and from to .
it might not be illegal , but it certainly presents an hour challenge .
have a good holiday dave .
tonight i intend to go to bed early and sleep for NUM or NUM hours .
poll - if they had stayed with the , they would have got NUM more seats !
i will not sure what they did for the country by way of .
the whole of india needs , not just indian cities .
: i sincerely hope so .
are they going to do a better job than their in on ?
you do n't want to waste five long years waiting for the next opportunity to turn your dreams for the
you can not wish them way and in fact , should not .
on .
after all she has done all the hard work , so why should n't she enjoy the of .
as always , your comments are most welcome .
today i put mtv hits on while i was finishing getting dressed before online before leaving for work .
that finished so i came in here and turned on the pc .
is indeed live today , fred will talk about ronald reagan .
he was a human being with friends and family , people who loved him .
as 's is a cruel disease .
all illegal and all hidden from .
but before anyone says , .
but think about it , would n't it be great to have a budget of only $ NUM .
more than double that ?
if time we , we 'll look into the reagan record on some other topics .
but it 's really good and i need to work it , damn it !
oh , and who knew there were so many trains in at night ?
but i think sound .
ok , back to writing
i went to the weekend on my day off yesterday .
not sure i would ever go on my own .
i 'm gon na wait until sometime after NUM to NUM follow up on the call centre of the time
i love that place , but my old roommate used to work there as a stock boy and hated .
apparently dinner .
the schedule for work this week and next is pretty up , with lots of taking and .
let the win .
well , it was an early morning today .
now , i am playing and trying to avoid any .
you know , to honor all . ' day .
your eyes will burst , and some horrible stuff , possibly your brains , will start coming out .
let 's see some blood ! ''
scroll well if you wanted to make the cry , mission accomplished . ''
the kick is the up , it 's looking good the ball is turning into a fat , .
we have sell objects from places men fear to tread .
the doll the 's trying to kill me and the 's been 's laughing at me ! ''
i said one ! ''
he 's always one step ahead ! ''
have me would n't walk in the mud , so i had to put NUM years in the .
is a vampire , beer kills brain cells . '
but do n't be sure my mind between NUM and NUM .
do n't make us do you your eyes out , dad . ''
but can you handle a live one ? ''
as , all will be before trying and me my what necklace !
i 've been outside all day and due to the sun am now literally a .
the , melissa , and enjoying beach .
oh - forgot to mention that it 's my nephew 's first birthday on saturday .
i 'll be there for the party .
do you guys have that man button blog '' on your browser menu bar ?
i 'm serious , i 'm not putting any related questions on the weekend site ever ever ever .
hello fellow jerks , the is here and ready to blog .
for any of you who may be interested in the name means in thai and tiger is in the
i spent last night it to become something i felt like i could .
it 's called strange banana .
that 's not going to happen .
i was all excited to read updated blog today and its not there wonder if he was a .
it was very well written and .
im thinking about letting the kids skip monday on school and going to the zoo .
they would love that .
she has n't called in days that 's not like her .
im slacking today need to get go dinner and do NUM with NUM and play for kids with a .
had a fun but tiring night last night .
people were staring at us - who were already all sweaty and laughing at the same time .
then we also did military crawl under the same people .
i how i managed to crawl quite fast - but i seem to kind of forgot about using the
weird because when it comes to kicking i kick harder with my left .
by the time it was session we were already so tired but still fought like there was no .
it was crazy because we had different names for the same games - fi location being a big factor .
then went to mass this am .
cute guy , but i think my first ex would 've looked better if he had enough money to be
the priest , i mean .
i hated you for being a drunk and a .
i hated you for taking a room of my house and staying gone all hours of the night and i
i hated you for cheating on me
i hated you for turning your back on me in the bed .
i hated you because you stole my roommate , my 's ring , which meant so much to be .
i just hated you and you became so ugly to me .
i learned about the kind of person i did not want to be .
what started out as love became another of - , of disease , both yours and mine .
i filled those holes up though .
i realize though we were both the job and the .
it can not be changed , but i can .
i 've been working in the two years that you left in being a better me .
in some ways , i feel as though i am better than you are and then i feverish that i
yeah , work on yourself , like i 'm working on me .
maybe your are stronger than mine are , more painful or your inner strength is not equal to your life
she was thought days when she was ?
and yeah , i think you did it .
i made myself responsible for things i should not have .
you lied , you cheated and you stole .
what goes around , comes around .
i 'm so glad you are gone from my life .
and for whatever force watched over me and my son in your presence , i am thankful forever .
you worse than any job i 've ever .
he may either work from the job to the obvious , or follow an easy course to what is the
at other moments , they are my own .
remember that old saying years ago ?
being a teenager in the NUM 's was really a great time in my life .
you never had to worry to much about ?
it was such a . part of my life sometimes i wonder where i went wrong .
i was NUM and my mother had told me i was n't allowed to date until i was NUM .
for the NUM months before march i had been seeing john my mother knowing .
i wo n't bore you with the details but lets say i left that with cherry still .
so fear was the only feeling i had towards it .
i went on through life thinking that this was the only way to cope with what life dealt to the
the only thing that came out of it that was good was NUM of my NUM beautiful children .
he is turned over worse the NUM years we were together .
we managed to hide from him in some along along the side of the first road we came to the
it was a man on a .
we were by the office of state police and we returned home to my family shortly .
i continued on what i call now my slow road to share but it failed i lived .
i have experienced things that would make a normal for hair .
i could go on but i 'm running out of room .
free reading : .
when letting go of material desires leads to a greater in daily life , good fortune desire in process .
as the forest grows thick , more rain is for the lake .
a loss of responsibility at work can mean more free time ; more free time may more career to get
the smallest of actions , if a , have value .
especially if you remain open to that possibility .
accept the cycle . ''
movies . ok . and !
so , it 's on the of june .
no of .
you can feel the tension , as everyone is aware that things could get out of hand at the
anyway , so , even the news is covering other things than iraq .
like , that this is n't a good thing .
or if we mess something up .
anyway , so we 're just waiting for the other shoe to drop .
so , as usual , i 'll keep ya 'll posted !
i survived yesterday but it was a little sucky day , if i may say so .
i ended up in NUM pictures of the like NUM the guy took .
after the photos , he said he 'd ride with me to the reception .
i realize he had to do these things .
i just could n't handle it though .
my parents left , j 's got !
i do n't mind them being here but there was just too much going on to have everyone at the
yeah for creative titles .
seems that is not so good with communication .
it seems me , but is perfect for this situation .
whatever is wrong , i want it fixed quick cause pain and being up ai n't fun .
there was some stuff i had to get for my cat , thus a little trip out to the
and i would 've quickly line jumped my way out of there .
she was not the nicest of individuals .
i do n't care if it is ?
it is not worth a of my life .
i 'll be posting one of those little quiz in a couple .
well , the invite went out today .
, bring on the pain
apart from giving the incredibly cute by back job : got application in on time yesterday .
lame , i realize how realize i use my back .
well , i didnt get the job .
it really is a let down , this is one i really wanted .
it is just frustrating .
on a happy note .
after an hour and a half in the office they should arrive in for about .
yesterday was pretty uneventful , laundry all day before the return and take over the machines .
when we arrived at someone asked the coach what time to come back and pick up his kid .
we picked up cindy on the way and went to see .
the night also as the of king 's gift seems about much with another novel , jim .
i do n't know why even the oil prices has been raising and people still using their own car .
still do n't know that thailand is still a poor country ?
but in the thailand good is during rush hours will prepare yourself for about NUM hrs .
it 's good for his ego .
it is fun but i 'm just getting way old for this stuff .
i want to run today , but i 'm not running is this heat .
what 's it all about , this thing ?
: an organization of which i am a member and in which i am taking on more responsibility .
the last should be better stated : NUM .
even if it 's true and applies to us , is it really all that bad ?
it seems based on , , etc .
the greater the between individuals due to language , culture , etc .
most hr 's i have encountered so far seem to have a basic respect for this .
it might be tempting to turn the tables on the , but this is generally not a good .
we 're an amazingly small and job in should come as opposed to further driving one another away .
a and approach approach , absent on mutual respect and before the gods is the way to the way .
more on culture : we have to be honest with ourselves about some of the we 're dealing to be
not everyone is going to be for your approach , no matter which approach you .
how can you 're voice be heard if you do not speak up .
was assigned to b battery , air defense fort , fort bliss , texas .
after sending someone a gmail invitation in exchange for something small , they asked if i worked at the
this young would computer .
% it 's probably the most difficult to get a job with at the moment .
make sure you know what you 're getting into ahead of time .
classes your high school offers start puzzle .
choose your upper division classes carefully , they will shape what you can in later on .
apply early to the large companies .
smaller companies are doing looking for experienced employees who wo n't require any training .
another sox win last night !
how great has he been this year ?
i hope all their wife fans are in absolute .
wish i did n't have to work !
you go , pete .
so , forgot to write about nearly having a new life experience on thursday evening .
as i walk past that corner a quick movement my eye .
i am try to keep walking , and thank god the ?
not was regarding the that is paris ?
and those of us who are n't and work at the floor .
just saw where sammy injured himself .
she entered personal space without permission when leaving all of us .
i already know there 's no trust and i cant depend on the support to be there when i have
therefore , the maria reunion has been cancelled until further notice .
when can i stop waking up in the morning with a game plan ?
NUM hours on the way to rochester gave us a chance to catch up on things .
we arrived in rochester about .
that 's not because he was drunk and could n't tell the difference .
julia 's mom is truly an artist .
read the article here .
then it was on to meet with our minister .
it was such a treat !
sunday this by far was the best day of the weekend .
yes , it was a little .
we have up and down the river for about NUM or NUM hours , till the sun started going to
so , in the words of bob .
rarely are lyrics better than i think they are , but here are some i 'm not a little .
i never meant to do those things to you .
it changes the way i go into things now , and sometimes the way i leave things .
as a person , as a friend , he was wonderful .
he was so much more into me than i was into him .
but i liked being .
i did n't love him , though .
i stayed in the relationship too long , though .
he was n't in the same relationship i was .
so i made myself a promise that from then on , i would only date whom to soothe i was
i had a history of dating guys i was n't terribly physically attracted to , but they were wonderful .
i have n't asked why who would ?
we 'll see how i feel about that at NUM .
listening to : .
my return is for july .
in total i save nearly NUM bucks by doing it this way .
it actually wasnt as as i was not as bad at all .
we met up at and the bar wanted to have outlet shopping all kids '' had moved to the
then the parents arrived later , checked in and we went to bay for dinner .
ah yes we learned that night !
that night , what did we do notice it split up from the parents i think we have to be
what else went on in la .
now for i only drank , not drank drank drank ha ha .
second one was lemon i took a job and almost threw shit it was so strong i had to be
me and will became a drivers .
so we 're back up and its definitely nice to be home again !
wow its already NUM !
ideally , let me know when you have your your space set up .
i have n't seen john q yet , but queen of the damned came out today and i really have
hopefully , sometime soon and , by then , i 'm hoping that the .
the democratic presidential a is making history !
: kerry no more .
a city kerry the survey as an phenomenon .
* * does the happy dance !
every phase of my life for the last NUM years was .
as an added bonus , the four of us look very interesting in public , because we cover a
we are a buffet of options !
lindsay 's going to take over the for . '' if megan gets into law school .
right now my ass is like : .
hi all , here 's the presentation schedule .
please remind me on monday to set aside some time class for the presentation to teams .
NUM summer the .
suggested topics : century chinese ; chinese laundry ; chinese workers in .
most of the time , i do n't really know why i have a standing to rolling stone .
on the other hand , on those rare over when their office , they really really do .
the cover story was excellent : rebel goddess and the geek : inside 's obsession with pencil '' .
i only read the for half in this article though .
with married crazy with billy bob '' he 's .
i do n't have any sharp or dangerous things facing where my children are .
so what this label is doing is gathering them up in a to protect them .
dude , i wish i lived near something like that .
it reminds me of this studies class i took .
in fact , it 's due to the of banana instant .
she 's so cool , yet humble enough to admit that she is n't good at everything .
if only rolling stone would stick to what they 're good at .
this post was brought to you by at mouse , good news for the people who love news bad .
why do they keep saying that ?
for some reason i have the idea that my first .
my kitten , who is an orange , may into our home june NUM , NUM at six .
, my wife , beth , named him . ''
i had two years prior to moving to california in the summer of NUM .
she was something else .
she would literally talk to me , though in cat language , not human .
she would always shower with me and .
as i use to say , also had .
she would , , and , come back for more and more .
we looked forward to her growing old with us .
so , the new cat , , is now being trained and .
it is quite fun a new kitten .
i think i do very well with animals , as my family can .
after none of my friends , family , or girlfriends would .
but i did n't have to ask this guy either .
are except we wo n't get a degree ! ''
he 's written quite a bit on rice .
but my favorite thing i 've seen from him is . satan practices a '' .
the link is below left .
unless you or your significant other has a thing for .
but the of your singing of a dancing , gay comic book hero wears off after the first hour .
but whoever wrote it obviously was n't interested in conflict .
a little focus would have gone a long way .
i was .
ok , nothing happened today .
i did n't get another ticket ticket on the way home , but it was n't due to a
only more weeks to go !
i 'm looking very forward to picking up my new glasses on saturday .
so far i 'm allergic to way too many of my favorite things .
it allowed me to get heavy stuff like milk and juice as well as lots of other groceries .
hah she said i 'm mature for a NUM year old for liking .
ok : here i go .
we moved together , the pressure greater than the breath of wings miles , your hands on my waist .
what can i do but remember your kisses as you held my cheek towards you , taking my mouth .
i was dirty , you were clean .
finally , i go to work watch this NUM .
so long hour for the movie , i go into the show i meet some fren at the .
quite some time not tonight him at , then we share at work .
i cant believe how hard i pushed myself last night !
things didnt start out so well .
my fiance didnt want to go back so i decided to do my best without it .
i . the entire workout !
i even did , doing my best to work from up every NUM seconds .
i have been on a high ever since .
on a side note i think i found a drink i can drink .
i mixed z cup with NUM with NUM and NUM years of , and NUM cup of .
i just needed something to take the edge off , and i knew i was short on calories yesterday .
the person who goes an extra mile by doing the .
we have been playing by the same job search for years .
the traditional are creating a resume , cover letter , or filling out a job application .
of course not , i recommend that you do more by for what for you want .
now i not thought not look just anything to get the or company or attention .
i m telling you that this will strike the interest of any one who reads your resume or cover .
take a moment and some ideas that could improve the value of the company you are applying for the
* * be included within the top NUM % by the .
remember that companies hardly ever hire a person in just a few days .
so guess who the will remember will the most when the time comes to hire that one individual .
always remember that our human mind stores much easier from don t be afraid to follow up .
your job .
david green is an author and manager manager of marketing , .
including free lessons for more to write a resume , cover letter , and career tips !
on easter on and his '' by .
today i attended a service for the first time ever .
i have to say i did like it .
there was a time in the service where we shared peace .
and that brought a smile to me .
for me at least it allowed me to become a part of a whole and not just a separate .
the big buzz around these parts is the opening of the new orleans in .
no , i do n't want to work there .
i 'm surprised that hubby has n't planned a visit there yet .
the bare naked ladies are playing there in a few days .
love their and their sense of this .
it 's supposed to be a nice place though .
not a big selling feature in my books .
this the first time i ever heard of blogging .
i still prefer a telephone or conversation - you ca n't read body language or voice in the .
he has n't had his lawn all summer apparently he does n't know how to pull the the .
captain captain died today .
it 's very serious stuff .
i just get a is '' a '' word ?
does n't look right .
it is a word .
you never knew visiting this site would be ?
i also remember .
we wo n't make it this year , but i bet we can in NUM . what say .
everyone knows that pregnant women crave things to eat
i am becoming more and more obsessed with .
i have to have .
thinks i am probably lacking something - but what do ?
and now here i am with you on the internet .
he simply said that he was in in his development .
its all about , is n't it .
i think we could discover a whole new of personality of business here .
- take your people to the top
the king 's .
he always had some kind of deal in the works ; a natural born .
that 's right - .
because she had seen better days we did n't mind ?
every day during the summer was a potential day to work and another season was simply the best .
a typical phone call went like this : ring me : .
me : .
but really - it did n't matter .
it was simply to get out there on the water and enjoy the peace , grace and beauty .
i 'm happy to be and have a son and another on the way .
but it was a lot of fun .
look at the work .
check out the !
my mom bought nice clothes for me .
ironically , i work in an office environment and thus have a lot of shirts .
would a prep play basketball in his good clothes and shoes ?
the pc at the library is not letting me sign in to my gmail account .
i was able to register and before before , but it is not today .
send me an email !
i was wondering if you 'd mind trying again
i often have this job for the place i grew up .
* there is , , like zero access to good information about the rest of the world here .
he is a total political weekend .
i do n't even watch tv and in new york , i 'm about a times better informed .
and know where to go for news online .
i 'm about a thousand times more than he is i 've a member of the green .
do i want to battle that for the rest of my life ?
* also , you ca n't get anything here .
* in a related .
now chris is no honor student , and i was in all the most advanced classes at his age .
i like .
his high school also !
why would i want to raise my kids in a place where they 're almost to get a little .
why not live in the place where there 's stuff to do nearby ?
no , really i do n't .
but i am never coming back to this town , like , .
i do n't wan na be a woman anyway .
hi got burns on my and .
i knew would have early but come on here can live to NUM , doctor says .
the goal of this blog is to allow the team to monitor the activities on various topics .
earlier today i spent time have time on google and working with the .
it 's going to be a long day .
nobody . the spanish !
i started this morning ago and my hard drive crashed , nor get parts right away from the .
lauren and i are going to see this by take on at .
should be a good time .
this will be short , since i m working on the job hunt .
but for now , enjoy the pictures of colleges around seattle .
today i went to work , again .
while i was at work today , i literally did .
i left a small piece of me behind in there though , and i regret that .
it was a grand success and i , for one , had a time .
the , i believe .
names and even faces seem to blur together lately .
probably just old age .
i am through the old old door which bore many from scars hands .
i am sure that someone famous has passed through .
so where was i ?
hold it i was n't talking about that !
it could n't have been important if i ca n't even remember what it was
after through this article , it struck me : why is kerry even in iowa ?
should n't you be in ohio , or , or , of or florida ?
so get this is from the ex out of the blue .
i am so pissed right now .
she gave up that .
i picked up the new office album , a ghost is born , yesterday .
its the most intelligent new music ive heard in a long time .
i met some people on work and ended up helping them start it up .
it was pretty cool .
well , i left and shortly after the site started to get more and more of a sell out .
ah well , i thought maybe i 'd write a review when i play new games .
so , now for the pictures .
to sum stuff up for you so you can skip this paragraph if you like , the game sucks .
now , the good points of this game can be up on NUM deployment fingers .
second finger : blowing shit up is always fun , and this game does it very well .
that pretty much sums it up .
my beautiful steel the is the next picture down .
there are like NUM levels and i ca n't get past the level .
most unfortunate since i 'd really love to play the later levels .
i my xbox with this a good a long while ago and i still love it .
anyway , it 's and i 'm getting tired .
i know i ca n't but you do n't have to have to noticable , i am .
i first heard about johnson and her blog here .
time to get out your !
then to temple , after that hair cut , shopping and home .
but at nite man lots of food .
once i look inside the shop .
i ordered NUM .
but when later i have my hair cut .
i went to my mom 's .
like some have a service already .
ok back to my mom 's .
the one she really me to come .
so once i finished my hair cut look what i looked like ?
right ? ? ''
there are some wacky of ice cream of in japan .
i 'll pass on the goat and that
i was also really i 'm not sure what 's going on , but i hope it goes .
i * did * exercise though !
: - nice save with saying .
do we need to send ' out to find her , too ?
i was also laughing about the press .
his coverage of the series was great .
i * love * that stuff !
now that i have a built into the laptop , it 'll hopefully be that much .
rick sure is good at the question bullet ' . , is n't he ?
now if we can just get !
what for if you do n't mind me asking ?
anyone else have that ? ''
i guess it finally grew on me .
that would be awesome for the to have the the for the in also that i 'd be a .
when is your birthday ?
i think you 're it seemed like it was a day yesterday .
it 's a NUM . i believe .
i went from to .
my dad had a rough experience with them , but i 've been lucky so far .
; - the new software is almost impossible to compare with the old .
got ta get to work .
talk to ya 'll later !
right now , i 've been listening to the prep each college '' by again .
it was a really great time of good eats and good company .
today was super slow .
i should have asked to do a word search or something .
stories of faithful men and women .
the hard thing is , he prayed not for them , but for us . ''
something i 'm learning about .
ok maybe the description describes me in high school .
take the what high school this are you ?
brought to you by
saturday i was up early today , NUM , .
most of the day , shot .
anyway , after the post office , we headed over to .
i did find a couple cool things though .
from there we headed west , for no apparent reason , and wound up in .
we wound up eating at .
i had ordered a too , but it was way too rich for me .
before we got back home , we stopped at work , so i could drop off a roll of the
after we finished , we headed out the door again , this time to .
on the way home , we stopped at work again , and i picked up my photos .
when we got back home , i !
she stayed up working on it until about .
saturday morning , sandy , .
we were really looking forward to free books .
of night to halo and long beers danced through my head .
the room for books , but i thought surely this was just a taste of things to come .
i said children 's lit and fiction .
there is our children 's section 's , but i 'm afraid most of those books have been taken .
then we know a corner and we entered the fiction area '' of the '' .
i left the with eleven books with that fit in my arms .
as a weekend , we stopped at the store in work .
i was dizzy with .
i have the books in a basket and went to look for sandy .
he turned his head ever so slightly as i walked up behind him .
our culture is divided for multiple reasons that i blame mostly on christian and its beliefs .
granted , moore 's a little more , a little more .
really , that 's it .
here 's another interesting experience in the world of international .
; if you ca n't read the opening screen , it 's alright , just click the play .
hope you guys are having a great day !
who will read this ?
i 'm just trying this shit seeing what its all about .
or being understood .
i 'll write something up another day .
new word for the day : ask your parents
oh this is just great : d
homer he , why do you put up with that crap ? ''
i think , perhaps the index ' was a lot lower before . ''
.
scroll saturday morning cartoons ? ''
right be , i know .
homer so what are you going to do ? ''
good things happen when you 're not busy ignoring them .
i thought the philosophy thought was regrets , no bullshit , and everybody .
a tends to weapons as a core part of the style .
it 's along the thought of his jack of all , master of fear .
we worked on tonight .
from teenage ninja ninja . uses them .
now , is n't that a comforting thought to end on !
offer code : brought to you by : smart bargain shopping .
feeling a bit slow today , most likely from the large delicious turkey dinner last night .
i used beer because i did n't have any white wine , and i must say it worked very .
or else one bite would be NUM , NUM calories .
that will be my in high '' day for the week , which does seem to generally fall on the
ca n't see that it helped any .
that 's very unusual for me .
these things are killing me .
i 'm thinking maybe when i was about NUM years old .
i 've taken .
i 'm going to try to do the today ; maybe exercise will help .
took a job , and that seems to have done the trick .
we can probably carry those in our cars , in two trips .
i ca n't keep the sidewalk or driveway clear of those things , and it 's spring .
i 'm not entirely crazy .
people at a craft show want to spend $ NUM .
people are n't there to spend $ NUM to $ NUM , which is where my furniture is .
have fun .
i thought that was quite a ride to pick up stuff .
i do n't know , but she got it now , whatever it was .
i decided to get food of some kind .
i did n't order there .
it was fine and i some .
i had something weird like that happen to me , and it took NUM days to get better .
i really have nothing against , but i like to .
well , today was the day , and as usual i 'd forgotten all about it !
left the closed sign on the door so no one else would come in while i was there .
i got the when it was all finished though !
the even went to her home as she could n't bear to go out at that point .
i 'm glad to hear things are going so well with you .
he came and destroyed my power .
as god , he raised the souls that i had held .
today , hell cries out : my has been shattered .
from traffic i had the dead , but behold , he raised all .
glory to thy cross and - , o lord .
the office is .
those whom i am in my strength i have given up .
the power of death has been .
i 'm really into the idea of it as a personal diary wide open for anyone to wander in the
sure , it seems in my apartment than outside .
and maybe the .
the release is just an additional a .
do you like to shop ?
i like to shop when i have money .
what was the last thing you purchased ?
do you prefer shopping online or at an actual store ?
how much was it ?
my mom would dish it out style .
although i got to spend time with my boyfriends family , it was one of the worst trips i have
well , i was supposed to be working .
i need a blogger for dumbass .
who is gon na be reading this ?
yes , it must be the oil .
i know it 's an excellent to upon my face but enjoy waitress , it smells like teen .
thanks but no thanks .
so one 's movement of .
i hate these things , but i have one on monday .
i also took last friday off , good to have a short week before and after a week .
turned out real well .
yesterday chris and i went to the see '' see which is a very beautiful lake in the .
bright sunshine and we got a nice tan !
also a good feeling
i 've to pack everything together and later on today we 'll leave to .
we 're going to do tomorrow morning in the .
but , when we get the results we 'll have a very nice vacation
the dealer in the city where i work in has one .
i 'll buy it !
you know , sometimes you should do something .
see the little devil . ?
when homer attack there actually 's just one today , a .
you know the kind - they spin even while the car is at a red light .
! there 's metal in years car tires ! ''
think 's list , saving private ryan , etc films that have violence to make a good time .
but that still does n't justify our minds to it now .
but then again , it 's difficult to do , and we 're all lazy .
by grace , by the of the holy spirit , right ?
could we have your resume ? ''
stick bus : the , jeff and i need a ride to the airport .
stick bus : yes : fee ?
the people who work there might start to wonder if i 'm dead .
last night was a real bummer !
i had fun chatting with some pt friends and hey !
well , no one 's there only my .
and at last , i got to tell him of my little secret .
find it out for yourself thats for whoever reads this thanks alex making ur
it 's been a while since i 've seen my so i needed to take a minute to the
and threw in some to boot !
sorry for the of the photo .
sometimes i am .
on the other , i am in my future .
these .
spoke to my former spoon .
a total of NUM yrs since primary NUM .
as she was a very good stop thinking dirty . !
i was thinking this is actually a good idea .
la la la la la went pesky today with jones and gang .
so good to hear from her again .
she was always so helpful towards my bro and me .
even though it was in the morning , i felt so .
was supposed to meet her for supper but had to very very very last minute cancel .
guessed there will always be another chance .
i would want to be one soon .
actually a class NUM license is not essential for me now my work will be a .
but having one is a form of insurance for the future .
after a license for more than NUM yrs , i know the .
just a matter of time it is late liao liao never believe in never cos
this is NUM months old so i 'm sure it 's been seen everywhere , but i had to be
so we settled for monster , which neither of us had seen , but both at least were interested .
it was even good '' good if you want to stretch that word 's meaning far beyond its normal .
it had some great shots , which were even greater since they jumped out at you from the otherwise .
and far too much time was spent trying to make the killer rebel .
no amount of these can make me really think this woman should n't have been .
the is wants us to take that statement as more proof that these people just do n't get .
and worst of all , the movie does n't even deliver the killer the .
this film would have been greatly if by director had / account had my boss : that most .
i will forget the rest of the movie much sooner .
suddenly a soldier and fired a shot which hit in her lower hit '' .
christian has been picked to play the title role in the next night detroit '' movie .
~ homer van what a disaster !
while driving home from dropping a friend we had a really , pretty bad car accident , on christmas .
matt couldnt move his head from left to right , and his shoulder couldnt move .
were feeling better now , thank god !
a friend from austin came down and spent the week after christmas with us , which was really , i
on a much better note , is starting on january to january and it and are very very much .
matt is going for work and .
i hope yall had a good christmas holiday and a happy new year !
i mean , its so much easier to just let people have their own way sometimes .
thats how i feel about the guy i work with .
he is nothing like me .
and hes just a pain .
and i know if please feel the right thing to do or not .
so this post is about games .
this is something i 've in games - most all of them .
once alert , everybody gets some kind of internal from .
and he 's the most accurate shot in the world .
music of the moment : curly my and '' tommy by '' james the and .
i mean - just say it : .
seems like a pretty cool tool .
this is f * up .
i end up being very vague , using words like . com which '' and we 'll see '' .
when options do , it 's after NUM weeks of social job and everything falls on one night .
i guess there are worse things in the world that can like murder .
you know , i ca n't make the decision now .
but at least i ca n't work out .
damn it .
add the beta band to the list
originally , i 'd signed up to be a volunteer for the convention , but have since changed my own
he 'd made it his somehow .
the , ladies and gentlemen .
true '' live in all thy sons command .
from far and wide , o canada , we stand on guard for thee .
o canada , we stand on guard for thee .
sign the rebel , you wonderful !
furthermore , weapons of mass destruction are yet to be found .
because being boss usually means telling someone else what to do .
i m tired of the job , the , the .
and what about you who might be just like me ?
children who know what are anyway , and learn to work real early between a and a .
who are tired of people telling us we speak good english .
who will know what it is to be an i , an us ?
i will not claim to be a helpless for any more .
i am the .
we are not by intellectual .
we will all be our by in our , matter what of we belong to .
we have to be heard .
we will have to become truly an army of one .
we will not to and .
i have never taken life and i do not want to pay for what i have not taken .
we will take our rights serious apartment , with the to fact that rights are bound with responsibilities .
once and for all .
in those very .
if you have something to say , just say it is the basic .
and you will have lived for nothing .
we can the course of your future history books .
as a last step , gather a group of friends , or even alone , your expression .
do not let or teddy each you need to the your to strangers ; take pride in the .
a single act of work is more than getting drunk with your friends and complaining about how the city .
do not just a view ; live it .
you may open someone s eyes .
please , do not laugh at him .
so say something , any which way .
here s where the corporate world can be a new asshole .
let the and pay for your media .
because some body else in some other country is getting dirt pay and even less respect and human .
i do not know about you , but i value my intellectual ?
make a name for yourself , make a statement , reach somebody .
if you truly believe you have something to say , you don t need .
it s time to say it .
you have found yourself .
while the world sleeps , we .
now i ca n't edit previous posts because the text - from the form beautiful .
really good night , but strange .
we both agreed that we have to make more of an effort to get everyone together for some kind of
there was a free bar until after ten o'clock .
i 've not watched fireworks in years , and this was a good display .
ended up going home with my ex , because everyone else has us .
bringing you a whole lotta since NUM .
rick is back and on the latest on the israel in israel .
when will our moron leaders realize this shit is for real ?
what bush is doing to our in protection laws is .
back to work !
sidenote hey look , it 's a robot .
the only who did n't make sense to make me the were ones that turned into boom boxes .
on the plus side however , the that came with the tape deck dudes turned into birds and .
hot wheels were an essential part of one of my favorite childhood games : of car .
yeah , we were big into the cartoon and toys .
the dudes had cool names too , like .
the rest looked like rejected batman .
i 'll take that over any time of the week .
i 'm going to do the project with them .
i did n't think she was a woman .
it reminded me of work '' .
she is french , probably in her late NUM 's .
very useful and simple .
that is the real challenge .
this is very specifically design .
i have seen projects like that , which were mostly very and .
these were so good , because they were so simple and .
our new theme is the garden the '' .
the big question is why .
you have to solve the problem of why would someone wear this ?
i think it can be done .
something i think is very basic , but practically in today 's urban .
the temperature outside reached NUM degrees in the day , and you can only swim for so long .
the trip to vegas was fun , as well .
i will hear i will .
it 's a beautiful day in the neighborhood .
if one thing is out of place or different in their small world , they are fit to be .
it 's not yesterday , and it will not be repeated tomorrow .
what am i going to do with july NUM , NUM ?
i 've been waiting for a month for it to come out so that i can watch the nathan .
good luck to me .
loud music , to work out the last conversation in my head .
but it put me right where i needed to be , i guess .
i only wish it did n't end the way it did .
but i 'm a man , i suppose , and a real man would n't in the past .
i am a man of decision .
someday , i will find someone who will love me .
break up news , a blog dedicated to dead relationships .
go laugh or cry or submit your own tale of your .
but my husband , , most of certainly reserved are for a special few .
the that cup that they make him wear for little league gives him a horrible in said .
who tells ppl these things , who would want others to know these things ?
it was n't as if the conversation began by me asking work ever been given an by an .
just do us all a favor keep somethings for yourself and those closest to you .
in other news .
which is no easy for considering i 'm black .
dah well i know i 'm fly .
before i get into 's post i wanted to talk about lotr : return of the king .
the office part is all to work and his genius , the man was incredible to come up .
movies made in the NUM 's libra in women , like anna may , as , slave , and the
bruce lee as to green .
ignorance all these stupid .
woo hoo . !
i love it so fast , so top o ' the line !
well i 've been playing on it for longer than i should have so now i am off to get
i did n't know has ?
who 's having or child ?
the treatment is carried out in four on four days per here with each days approximately NUM years in NUM
using a series of unique hand the field is the and natural the healing ability is able to be .
a aspect therapy of therapy is the to of the individual .
he does not make on art on of this kind .
maybe have has parking officially to confirm or deny the numerous reports over the past month .
many .
and i do n't mean just blogging .
i so want to write a book .
can you really just send off to work and hope one of them likes it ?
what makes me think anyone would give a toss about what i write ?
write what you know .
this is why i end up giving up on writing .
maybe i 'll just hear my urge to write with some .
i go along with him and his group of your .
karma fool watched an episode of queer eye for the straight guy tonight .
but on one condition .
but what .
his spiritual space had been taken over by baby toys .
he accepted this fate by spinning it as a spiritual sacrifice for his wife and .
just as is karma fool much of the time .
this does not mean hurting others .
and only for one 's self .
or taking ten or twenty minutes in the afternoon to do the same .
send an to karma fool at : @ link
this is what i get for making blanket .
well , guess what , that 's totally wrong !
i am a job .
well , even if you do n't , you get to find out .
the bible - it 's a good thing .
it 's , it 's true , it 's written by god .
as in , in control of everything .
.
calvin - yeah , we like him .
yes , i 'm a .
where did i put that ?
surprisingly enough , i ca n't really find anything specific about jesus .
i 'm looking for more .
it 's a great thought , but could be very .
it 's pretty safe staying in a well paid job rather than work it all for the possibility of the
being in the programming industry is a tough sell sometimes .
on the road on my friend , is gon na keep you free and clean .
your breath as hard as .
she began to cry when you said goodbye and into your dreams .
he wore his gun outside his pants for all the honest world to feel .
nobody heard his words , but that 's the way it goes .
the dust that bit down south ended up in .
the boys tell how old fell , and and 's .
i and jack on on randy 's back porch .
> > what kind of question is that ?
can i can come over ? ''
> > then i hear the guy say .
she 's so fit and definitely a good !
i found this article today on .
as you can see , i 've posted a running of votes based of votes on the most recent .
i tried i really tried : oh my : the very very r and y .
he stressed several times then he turns to me and says .
did you workout like he said ?
i wanted to punch the guy in the face .
luckily the first guy has heard my entire story and knows my results were good and was still willing to
so happy , so happy .
what a beautiful summer it will be .
well i am writing from and i really want to leave because i should .
good bye everyone , talk to you guys soon .
the possibilities are endless , really .
from an email sent to all of the employees at work .
this will not only be , -- but can also present serious to humans .
every year are in years are the united states and throughout the world from bird strikes , in some
up NUM bucks playing right now .
i like this table because i raise the first bet .
get everyone raising up to NUM bb .
they slow down , but keep this me .
these guys are ! second and third pair to the river .
not bad for an hour or so .
when i get to $ NUM i am going to cash $ NUM out .
still working on discipline problems , and trying to play .
two last things : i really appreciate chris giving advice .
never do a top ten poker blog list . !
you will forget someone , number NUM will be sad because you heard him , number NUM will think .
so next time i list blogs it is going to be the top NUM !
then i will be asking all you bloggers out there how the hell to make any sense of poker .
now i 'm listening to some music that almost has me in tears every time i hear it .
i have n't cried in so long because things have been going quite well for me lately .
i need someone there for me too
ugh , life goes on , as usual
i 'm not sure if my job looks like your wife , it 's been awhile .
his name is name have his the customer '' as or john likes to call him fat ass .
well seven days go by , no check NUM days , NUM days , still nothing .
but to make matters worse my company made an company from my account today !
and to add insult to injury , i get hit by an $ NUM fee .
so this will be on yet another $ NUM .
and i are sure to get some time together because it feels like we have not seen each time .
in the middle of our conversation we hear the shower start and dan yelling in sheer , delight .
we forgot that it was his shower day and he forgot that he was to the downstairs .
who would have guessed that a shower could be such a to a NUM year old ?
he gets the to water out and on it the on floor .
when we came out there was .
i called to him .
just after i finished three he stood up to avoid any of punishment .
what he was doing was eating it off the floor , not swimming in it .
so , this is for girls you can join the contest .
i hope you all be thinking the same .
you people will see me again whether you guys like it or not .
kalau de untuk , my friend .
there 's only NUM of us in the team - we 're gon na be loaded !
and will them into the ground .
we 're back on full strength for the first time since georgia and the french have n't played any .
sunday is the wedding of NUM friends of mine at castle - which looks well nice !
so i doubt i 'll watch any - great in your job , sunday , please i 'll be a
have n't been blogging for quite some time , yes
i 'm pretty surprise with the newly .
ever start working , i never go ?
i even do n't know the toilet in has changed right ?
well , we are not as ' as wah !
there are lots of on the streets , but not a guitar or for miles .
maybe after a year of being a musical johnny musical , '' we can make a in in the
get an english to spanish or polish , or german , etc .
you are your document .
it was soon brought to their attention that the spanish translation read , are ? '' you
several years do not a difference between a straight translation and .
involves and swearing content and , so it is be appropriate .
lisa used the example of the changes that might occur when a software package .
when a company uses my , content becomes easier to work and because the content is already .
according to , this early makes the content more make publishing bills and the web up the .
as with , language , technical and issues are involved , with project management and command well as i have
to content to , so it becomes a specific to .
hehe went out to eat and came home only to sleep for NUM hours in the evening .
graduation done took lots of photos all on someone else 's camera .
its quite a little in life and i might as well do it the one time i have a .
on another point of note : following the nba conference ?
in a meantime , the breath , carried to the breeze .
and swam through that , once laughter .
the old man smiled .
and project meeting afterwards went really well .
oh well , as long as we manage to work as a group
late with returning a book .
i 'm worried :
twenty four : crystal clear , sharp and bright , the sword allows no opening for evil to the
what will do about blockbuster ?
blockbuster videos dvds and dvds in an age of tivo , video on demand , NUM cable channels , and
rather , this once private information has been and will now be presented in its most important form .
two of them , work , and have been sitting , talking for some time .
matthew , the new arrival , can tell that work and have known each other for some time .
i ca n't seem to shake them and i have tried everything .
matthew : what is an ?
it 's supposed to be safe sex without the use of a .
matthew : i see : the best part is , , remember when your endeavor had more .
matthew : wow , you 're not kidding huh ?
matthew : how old are your kids ?
matthew : how many kids do you plan on having ?
today my office office did the same thing to him .
you is now talking .
is now is a new weekend .
but . give
but .
all is musical , and has bad taste in .
the one that is me screwing in the office .
the office to the bottom of the .
if i had not made a decision at i thought to come to soothe , i will still be .
if i had not made a decision to take on a office till NUM , i would never have to
a mode on : !
with it there is no common ground -- not even respect for life -- on which to begin a
my friend and his gf broke up last , in the event he held .
i saw , tommy , and .
scroll for another . code about : .
now that he has gone to the deep and well i m happy to return the favor .
take that fucker .
i , ca n't teach .
that about sums up the university experience right there does n't it ?
say what , you say .
every university in canada is in effect , a private organization .
obviously for the greater good they are given money , which is fine .
you know like .
what 's the big fucking deal about that ?
i 'm willing to bed that almost every government since has lost money somewhere .
a government is a large .
hello .
again , please do n't get me wrong .
i find it hard to be outraged .
you know what i 'm talking about .
well that 's enough ranting and i did n't even talk about anything personal .
i mean considering how pathetic i view myself to be , wonder no nobody ever gives to the .
have i mentioned lately that i am ?
but this is not news .
no , i have n't been by dancing by babies , or tom 's , but close .
instead of living in a constant world of denial , i have run into a massive wall of the
the doctor this as depression , i refer to this as a massive pain in my ass .
it 's always the little things .
howard dean , we hardly knew ye .
he was n't any more liberal than john kerry .
people are such idiot sheep .
i got about $ NUM bucks an hour for just sitting around and for people calls to 's voice .
some lady parked her by teddy the tracks , waited for the train , and jumped in front of the
also , these people are very married with their timing .
on the other hand , i just spent $ NUM filling up my NUM .
not quite sure right now .
i 'm not expecting any response , there is n't even any that she 's going to read .
i i 'm going to shut up now .
at the present time there are more than as .
don t feel part of the team .
i m used to being in a supervisor or management position where there is a lot on me .
if i am to do the that role let me do my job !
i only get to go out on field projects or lab work if they don have t anyone else .
no paid holidays , vacation , sick leave or benefits .
i m sitting here .
get to work in the field i like and around i like and admire .
have used on how well i do out in the field .
i m beginning to like the hr women at the ho more and more .
of work on schedule , work set to get time here or leave as long as for core of the
usually low stress environment unless on a deadline .
should n't i just be happy that i even am a job at all like my husband says ?
but when you are in a position to be a little ca n't i complain ?
but there are worse places to work .
you 're so gay .
i was up bright and early this morning , but blogger did n't want to work with me .
tim is such a great guy .
: cory this around much of the morning .
i went out for lunch and she seems to be on speaking terms now
homer to have my life mean something .
it 's just that , when i finally failed i had such a long way to fall .
what was it inside me that shattered ? ''
that people struggle through brief this dead and die .
there is terrible suffering .
but there are others who believe our suffering is a to something to better .
di ko lang talaga ang ng mga ng posts in jayr .
curly , .
i had a nice mother 's day yesterday .
as bought me this spoon sheep mother baby .
this morning he came into my room , looked around said where is your animal is .
he put on his old hat which just made me start to giggle .
the kids current favourite cd is a recording live of johnny cash at san prison in NUM .
he even wrote a sang song about it called san diego - by the by pot your apartment .
i 'll tell you about it sometime .
sammy used a lot of hot pink purple also painted his winter coat .
they look pretty cool .
when we are impatient , we try to get away from where we are .
be patient and trust that the treasure you are looking for is hidden in the ground on which you .
but on patience for a moment .
for like four hours .
its not on the list .
but when it is time to go home for lunch , was desperate .
we had n't found a .
it 's so hard to be patient is n't it ?
but i reminded him that waiting for the universe to .
we would * earn * the .
but i thought it .
she was on the point .
when is it going to be ready ?
being patient means that we choose to let go of the future possibility .
i have , .
which is freaky and not completely comfortable .
the moment where your laughter turns into a : by man oh .
blowing the audience kisses until somebody you off you and they cut to an ad !
april fools day is almost over .
it might have been fun .
i did n't believe it .
i bet you watched the movie ' the day after tomorrow ' , correct ?
i thought about it long and hard .
or i can be like the rest of them and start jog my way to the next city .
oh , i get it !
i 'd walk up to the weekend girl i can find , and i 'd say : from hey .
girl her head her , tears down head her pink .
we 're all to start to different way or another .
do you have a plan to save yourself ? ''
death is but a new beginning in another world .
look straight into it 's eyes .
i have a an idea '' girl looks up to you , tears of hope across her .
see here , me and you are going to die very very soon .
you can wait here and sob and cry before the ? you
or you can come over to my apartment , and fuck like .
she shakes her head .
it will be the best NUM minutes you 've ever spent .
girl did n't say a word .
we have only about another NUM minutes .
we can probably go for another round before the water . us ''
i give my most this smile .
your favorite song with the name of a city in the title or text .
because i love him , the song is funny , and dan yell lives there .
ever bought an entire album just for one song and wound up everything but that song ?
the first time i got burned was when i bought big for that song wild world wild , and i
most recently last summer ?
at least it was only five bucks .
your least favorite song on one of your favorite albums of all time .
a song you like by someone you find physically .
i really , really tried to hate it , but
hot and fresh out the kitchen !
this survey is so not written for me .
a song you like possibly from your past that took you forever to finally take a copy of the
it was on a mix cd before everyone knew him , and no one knew what it was called .
a and , '' by cake , because it makes me feel like driving in nice weather .
this is too hard .
are n't the songs from albums albums usually found elsewhere ?
a song that reminds you of high school .
also , what i have it , '' totally makes me think of every time .
oh , all of them .
, that 's a good question .
a song by a band that features three or more female members .
you are n't even asking for music i like anymore .
anything by houston houston , michael jackson , or tiffany .
also , i 've been called a job a weekend , and i 'm not positive that everyone .
baby living one more time , '' originally by britney covered by travis .
a song that has helped cheer you up or you somehow you after a or otherwise or .
here 's a bbc article on mobile blogging .
take the pic and email it to an account that puts it up on your blog .
i guess his mother had this him there and then got hungry .
it was probably one of those you had to be there scenes , but he 's quite cute .
i did n't really look that close .
of course there is nothing i can say to his face about it .
i wish i had a way to get my but that be pay by the next NUM .
but i could use the time to draw and stuff there is a big soccer nearby .
i wish i would be allowed to stay here with work and not have to go to north jersey .
he works when he has too and parties as hard as he can when its all done .
he can make his cake and eat it .
the sign with any please ignore the moron '' is cool too :
directing is an ass .
-- - > .
woke up at realised that it 's sunday , and my brain body me to go .
brilliant nevertheless , i needed , people by off , the time i managed to get out of bed .
wtf i live alone and i was on phone share for machine , i think i deserved .
each copy costs .
i was extremely disturbed by what she said .
no efforts will be .
they were able to hand some off to of the war , while others of the the .
a republican a lifestyle does n't the argument any further .
this idea is certainly relevant to the situation in surrounding the anniversary several months ago .
it occurred because with times a from .
we often forget that we are americans .
we united after because we were attacked !
oh , and this too .
apparently , and unfortunately , i am not the only one receiving messages from people with more passion .
i feel better already !
just did some work be for the site i designed entertainment .
the owner wants to keep it simple though .
are action the democrats are for free speech ?
wait , you mean i have to pay it back ?
i really do n't remember that being on our agenda .
i just emailed ann night and asked her who we elected .
party rules on : NUM .
to which to the state is entitled is at that time .
c election .
e .
acts NUM , , .
NUM years , NUM .
NUM , NUM , .
method of becoming candidate .
NUM , NUM , .
acts NUM , , .
NUM years , NUM .
NUM , NUM , .
vote required for election .
NUM , NUM , .
the secretary shall act as temporary chair of the meeting until the a chair from the among themselves .
NUM , NUM , .
by acts NUM , , .
scroll NUM , NUM .
NUM , NUM , .
by acts NUM , , .
scroll NUM , NUM .
bill clinton told that the one in missing , those in question were is and available at other .
thank you al gore because of you us conservatives have a voice .
because of the internet , us conservatives have an outlet for our views .
face it , conservatives own blogs .
because of the blog , us unknown conservatives have been able to get our views to the public .
al gore invented the internet , remember .
the only thing necessary for evil to for is good for men to do nothing .
. NUM NUM : hope makes the heart sick , but when dreams come true , there is the
i guess i come across as reserved and quiet , i am some someone is further from the truth .
i was such a metal head , , iron - , solo , were so cool growing up .
i absolutely loved and .
i am sure i will run into a job or two , like the brothers while there .
i can not merely through away everything i was just and start a new life , that is n't a
i do have to be careful though now that the weather weather is coming .
i used to get such looks when i did this with melissa , or am how i am .
it will be very interesting to see indeed how this gets received .
this time of transition actually is a pretty cool time .
i hope i get it right .
postcount the ' ; | postcounttb 'NUM ' ;
please click on the .
i swear , slap some sauce on it and take it on down .
my stomach is so bad right now .
i do n't think i can handle going NUM more minutes with no food !
this cherry coke is looking back at me so sadly .
would i survive if i the label off of this bottle ?
the security guard bless his heart has the for me so maybe i 'll my job .
can you give me some money for subway ?
i think that would work .
maybe i 'll hear my !
be the next upcoming star on the commercials lol i 'm going home now .
me and my
on a job i thought i would create a blog and see what happens .
now that my job opening paragraph is over i will continue with the paragraph explaining a little .
so there is the office '' information regarding information my life .
was it by instant people trying and trying to set things off as an aside ?
any comments on the aside thing would be appreciated .
i will be .
i will drink enough water .
i will cook and eat interesting food that is good for my body .
i will be able to drive and not drink pepsi .
the bitter smell of your peace my will and , as a soldier of , our , .
last night i received message from a friend in minnesota .
he said he cared for this other woman , and she cared for him as well .
now he is completely because he thinks he may still have feelings for this old crush .
this man is an adult and it this me to hear him so upset at something so .
it s a sad revelation , but he s not alone .
by the way , i 'd like to go there sometime soon .
ridiculous , is n't it , jesse ?
they work for disney , they definitely make minimum .
max is spinning in his grave .
i will be posting about the rest of the event in my last week .
well i found out that is not giving me enough money for next school year .
please pray and hope for me .
i have to save at $ $ NUM .
have a nice weekend !
is all over the olympics .
i think about the weekend that just passed as if it were a far away memory .
that is the great thing about dust and chores ; they will still be there no matter what .
monday gets a bed wrap .
that would be wonderful to work only four days and have three days off .
well , i have less than two weeks left in france .
i have learned from the people , the land the culture .
in two weeks time i will be in england for my training course with .
god is going to do mighty things !
i think he finally emailed me .
my online poker addiction for one .
i must fill my mind with such junk for some reason that i can not .
dear susan , i love it when you leave a trail from bed my to the bathroom .
for the love of christ that that shit out .
ah , here 's something interesting that i meant to blog a while back .
you see , when depp is about to enter a cell it must first to the .
this then causes a delay in infection of these individuals by .
so , i thought i would try out a new font .
and the rest of because people 's feelings .
thankfully though they have been very of our feelings as well .
that means it 's a party . !
i might score some killer experience points . !
or so we 've been told when choosing bowling names for ourselves and one another .
not that a cool bowling name will help my game .
mwah hah hah hah !
you must be kind of bored with harry 's lj life .
if you do n't wan na read any further , you know what to do
ok , i will start then .
not the native ones , the real .
i dont blame him entirely .
not if i am in the us .
i asked him , '' are you an indian ? ''
am i am from work , where are you from ? ''
i said , '' that 's fine , but where do you come from india '' .
i am a native indian you jerk '' he .
as i told you i am in the us , dallas to be .
wide roads , big cars , big , big the and one on the list goes .
so just enjoying texas and enjoying the difference .
god , please let me die !
what is he hoping to find ?
atleast i am not the one who 's getting bored .
i dont like the look the way has now .
happy new years everyone if there 's anyone out there .
tonight i am staying at the green , where that will be free food and alcohol .
so at NUM : tonight i will be attending that concert .
let me know how your to went .
new addition everyone please welcome maria to the blogging world .
hey , i just heard the new banks song and it is good !
i have never been to camp , and had no idea what to expect .
one young man stands out to me , as one of the highlights of my week .
i am still in awe at the god presented to me these last two weeks .
i have learned that being there , a positive attitude , a sense of humor , and prayer really .
has she gone off the deep end with this ?
goodbye , well , has finally come to an end .
i had a good time this summer it was time well spent .
maybe that was the whole point of the exercise .
i recognized myself an awkward teenager coming to terms with his and i a little a little .
after all , this old stage manager city is going to miss them .
hello happy bloggers !
ok , that 's a lie .
at this rate i 'll be my ideal weight by christmas of next year .
i just cut my in in half .
i just stop eating when i 'm full .
not so hard , really .
it 's the big set .
, who did n't like it because the tension of her knitting makes the tips , sold .
i also bought NUM of some of , yarn .
i 'm knitting a scarf how original , the dark purple blue of the ocean water .
i have decided , for sure , to buy a wheel with my tax return , which i should be
any thoughts , oh great blogging ?
last night i had a dream about wendy .
this one was odd .
i have been accepting gifts from the international .
ok , i have no idea where that came from .
we 've had our heads in the sand .
but as time goes by the evidence .
state has a pretty good ball team .
as first posted at
me , i 'm going to work a little bit lower , .
if i had to pick a loss this upcoming season , this would be the one - is .
pretty .
we all want to see the the the office from one end to the other .
south carolina - on the road again .
this is one halloween scare we do n't need .
kids are stupid , stupid little rat creatures who are too spoiled , too , and way too .
their tastes are and , network of own try to .
or at least what .
in a way , they 're right .
however , just because it 's does n't mean that it 's better by any stretch .
that 's the reason why advertising exist : to both familiar both to and introduce something to new .
shows that are n't are n't are going to be watched .
so , explain to me how some people fail to realize that general in marketing ?
common claim sense if you ask me .
and they do for every day for , but the limited ads me .
anyway , back to the advertising situation .
i know of cartoon network would easily say that they could read the tv for show tonight in the time
some kids ca n't read , and more or less , kids watch whatever their attention is drawn to be
they 're also not going to look at something that in an hour of the day either .
NUM am on a weekend morning is .
at the meantime , most kids wake up around NUM am on an average saturday morning .
that 's one hour of tunes tunes every week .
my are bothering me really bad , cat hair , i think .
i still have another problem though : i just ca n't get comfortable in bed .
it 's over .
there seems to be a lot more me ' than ' which makes me think that i am .
matt , going to red alert over a democratic that he was the first one to the .
i have such fond memories of park as a kid , oil can oil because of his - .
lo , , most pop music , many blockbuster movies , etc .
if i do n't you , however , watch out .
i have not been able t post a blog for awhile because my laptop no longer wants to hold the
i will be up and running for the season even if i have to work on another computer .
i started out real well , but have been getting cold cards and my play is by this book .
i will believe this also .
so until they may all your horses be fast and win at good odds .
one more gift to get .
almost done with that too .
i do n't know yet .
what kind of gifts are you expecting this year ?
am i expecting some from you ?
i got '' excuse me you said your wife , i have you listed as a female . ''
should be fun , time to get into be proud to be working mode , not weekend today .
did my bills and watched my lj my and wait for my surgery growing .
i am myself down , went to my happy place , and got myself together and a glass of the
i 've seen in the past how much can mess with your head , but oh my god .
oh and by the way , i am better today .
whether it is mine or not i just had to share it .
postcount the ' ; | postcounttb 'NUM ' ;
why do we lose passion for things which once this our best and creative ?
saw the office candidate .
kicks ass today a and i spent many hours checking out .
, you definitely should spend some time looking in to it .
i recommend following along with the movie that i linked to in my comment to your post .
i certainly would n't .
poor guys , but is there any hope for them ?
a three week from course on how to stop . .
for more stories and articles visit now
i have n't been to any good concerts lately
i 've never seen either of them perform live .
vanilla ice !
i 'm not that desperate to go to a concert .
how does everyone like the new layout ?
it 's kind of bare right now .
click on a pic to read an article !
image : me turning out my job to show sad .
it 's truly and takes this blog to new .
everytime i hear bush speak , all i can think to myself is a what . ''
i do n't follow politics very closely .
two recently made me wonder how many groups of people is he truly trying to piss off .
he 's the first president to not attend since .
then the one that really has my mind , pushing for a a marcus his gay '' .
i do n't know that i can even express in words how ridiculous this is .
i looked up divorce .
face it , the definition of family '' family has over the years to something quite different than a
that means we need to be extra strong , do n't let it bring you down .
do n't get down on yourself .
today felt like thursday .
my lesson went pretty well today , though my first weekend class was crazy .
tomorrow i get for the last time by my university professor .
found out that i will accompany my to the state science fair on friday -- back at my house .
but i will get to experience a field trip which is a good idea .
so , this is the first time i have ever posted something .
out with the old , in with the new .
new owners to work with at work .
show up , talk to , , work , of local bands , local press , etc .
it 's almost getting to a point where i feel like i am going through the .
at least by these shows these , i get the resources to book the bands that i like .
about to be an uncle for the first time .
i just hope that she and her boyfriend are able to raise the baby together .
been thinking about life and love a little bit too much lately .
it 's not that i miss her , i think i just miss the idea of having someone like .
someone with whom i can share my thoughts and feelings .
i know that with my personality , i will always want to go out and have a good time .
thinking about giving up meat again .
probably would help with the idea of trying to date again .
it can also get video at at with sound .
i 'm trying to get a link up .
it was in the section back near bridge court , a red bathing baby that runs directly behind my .
the papers homework and revealed quizzes that the bag and its command belong to .
she achieved a NUM out of NUM on this week 's quiz .
so why even bother with having a vote !
everyone knew it 'd be him , and .
he and debbie wander to their office as the to black sky to behind white the letters of the
my blog is a lot like porn , only with slightly less sex .
hope that i could put myself together to accomplish these stuffs asap .
want to catch up for a few drinks ?
- he crew .
then one fine spring day , i had just returned from from after a nice jog what , i had
we get to chatting .
but i 'm polite , and we look even though i just want to kick him out .
i would , however , .
you want to have dinner sometime ?
, look at what the bit of does to you .
- date planned , with a visit to a museum before a meal .
you have you a date with him ! ''
keep in mind , he was hot .
, big strong , with sandy brown hair and blue blue eyes .
i am a sucker for that part on the upper arm where the ?
everyone i have gone out with - with the exception of one - has had blue or high .
that one exception wore blue contacts , so i thought they were blue at first .
he was in art history and .
i should have taken more of my roommate 's warning .
what in the hell are you doing with him ?
do you know what you 're getting yourself into ?
because i 'm stupid .
it 's quite the sad and classic tale .
we 'd get back to work and he 'd all of a sudden be dating '' level '' .
it 's really pathetic that it went on for so long , but i kept thinking that he had a
i mean , hell !
funny how things work out .
he is jewish , i am not and would be you to .
oh , the beach ?
what was a girl to think ?
i was able to pull this weekend many more times than i should 've been able to .
this was around the time he quit crew and started getting a slight .
there was one last night in italy , but that 's rather .
he never even attempted it .
obviously he was attracted enough to me to keep up .
that sex commitment , which it so does n't , not all the time at least .
my life has been crew !
why did i agree to have dinner with him ?
ah , well , he .
what did i get myself into ?
remember : think before you talk you moron .
oh yeah , i nearly forgot .
he apparently knows that we went around calling him tie guy .
that 's a good thing , i feel .
atleast he has a job : isnt that !
sometimes i think about what kind of effects my blogging will have on my life .
this blog is extremely and is written poorly .
nobody is forcing you to read , unless your name is laura .
now are n't you glad you came here ?
you start of slow and it into a screaming , rushing of spoon emotions .
he could provide no further details .
link from , via duck .
the things we take for granted in the united states are many .
medical care , even medical care for an expensive price clean water to drink .
here , i see people washing their clothes in a stream white , them on rocks on .
horses are fed on the side of the road because one family owns all the land .
daily .
there is no trash pick up .
if you are born here your life is about NUM years if you make it past .
these last few weeks have been crazy .
it is nice to not be the only woman in the house !
i have been working out regularly lately .
i have never worked out so much and i hope it helps .
my husband are cleaned out , my laundry is done and so i guess i can go back to work
it 's that anyone that who has entered the public forum can be taken at the face value .
super : the guy who has the apartment building .
super : great , was the party great ?
i still do n't see how it was a surprise .
'd i 'd tell ya ?
i was missing one step .
let me see if i can do a paragraph or if that is pushing my luck .
right on to what alan was saying about not just being '' .
what would that take ?
nothing compared to the joy that would come from it , not only for the is that i have to
no , i do n't do these things , they are just examples !
the small daily acts are just a start to other acts of kindness .
hopefully it was not a waste of your time to read .
if things arent going so great @ home then i can see why .
it 's funny too cuz he 'll feel bad afterwards for trying and not talk to me for awhile .
but back to this guy i was talking about .
this suit would make much sense , but really when do i ever ?
im gon na enjoy my holiday !
he produced a very a piece of writing on photography .
anyway , this holiday weekend i experienced the triple of fire .
the fireworks were bright and by into too much traffic and then there was .
to be direct , the structure was weak and voice over confusing .
is a weak highly emotional essay .
good essays state a point , follow up that point with supporting details and facts , and again , and
sidenote , if you this film , you are our soldiers our plight and the memory of NUM .
, is not good folks
personally , i do not feel that moore went far enough in taking bush to task .
moore tried to stuff too much into NUM hours .
i know i left the theater at bush than when i walked in , but i was n't .
over all , the film is worth seeing .
well i must of hit a sore spot because she sure got pissed , it really upset me , but
now i 'm over it though .
hey , what can i say ?
now i can wax , vent , praise , etc .
before i continue , i just wanted to set up a couple of ground rules .
this is a site , which means that light .
you see , in the japanese office film baby away , there 's this character called no face .
he never says anything except . ''
i highly recommend it .
well , the answer i do n't know .
besides , i really do like no face !
another classic film is princess , which i rented recently .
also well done , princess involves a young prince named who is by a demon upon our .
funny how my boss turned into movie reviews : well , that 's enough movie now .
-- some guy on the the of the ten every : from a - , flame state .
but what exactly does this mean ?
second , they wanted to make sure the government would not anyone 's freedom to practice religion .
it merely means that no religion may be practiced in the state owned court house .
moore has some decision , but was that denied an appeal by both the .
this type of is not new to chief justice moore .
moore may have some sort of work case here , but he is in no position to argue .
we need judges who do not ! law the as much as we need airport security to fall .
he does not belong in our justice system .
this is not a question about whether or not the government is by god .
i reality tv .
now its NUM and i ca n't wait till the next season starts .
granted , i watch it between the commercials of will and grace .
my calls it stupid tv .
now is it reality ?
it 's not like any reality i know .
like the show ca n't remember the name it was .
it made for good tv .
the first NUM minutes grab your attention .
the both have a job in the medical field .
the second wife is a blonde .
i do not know what he does for a living but he put the in halo .
then they are away to live the life of the other .
hey kids - your white mama is home ! ''
she went right into her role .
she offered to make lunch for the daughter when she returned .
the white lady - and and a and complained .
she and was .
the thing that killed me about her is she would not about the shared between daughters weight .
the shared mother has to decide how the other is going to spend the money .
i have no clue what the white lady wants or needs .
thats my bet for the week .
if you watched it - whats your views ?
life sux fuck u the majority of u
please pray for the of the soul of and the of her family in life .
i have no one to go out with tonight .
but then i was n't in work or anything .
now work and work however are a constantly changing thing so i have to make sure i stay on the
my husband called a little while ago to tell me to clean the area in front of my .
when i asked why , he told me he 's got a new desk that came from his boss .
: .
can i can put on it ? ''
uh , huh can we talk about this later ? ''
it works , if you .
what ok , i 'll clean up the area . ''
just let him try to explain that conversation to the guys at work .
man , i had the most rad as a kid .
on one side there was and the crew on the flip side was and his .
i also remember getting an awesome lj right before when it stopped being cool to bring a to that .
i almost signed up for that new card the one that . open more a .
i played with it for a day before i threw it away .
marketing is powerful but not as powerful as .
the tv screen began to with his husband from the office .
the report shook bush .
it began work last night .
americans are amazed by the slide in their standing , particularly after the attacks of .
many of its members - cheney , .
unfair maybe , but that is how it looked .
but it would be wrong to blame bush and co for america 's .
because america believes its international responsibilities as chief and placed its citizens at unusual risk of .
it has become clear that america has been a many in its own interests .
to a fond - like myself , america has become .
it is difficult to the shock that delivered to the american .
that is the only way to brand america .
no .
no evidence of their in years has been produced , and the in client only one is a genuine .
there is no war on .
the reason is that america wants a more to run the world to be second greatest source of the
everyone is saddam saddam , the demon of work .
it was tony .
the quest went wrong when it was clear that was , too , and the word .
watch the ' on .
professor richard , of university , put it some years ago .
this is sure unknown to the american public , thanks to the media on earth .
general jose has lived has in florida since the .
general carnival who , the , liked to display the bar of his torture on television .
's training in .
it has encountered the use of weapons in strikes ' a threat by minister stanley .
this is the : the - of the entire of those whose of and a teddy that .
we believe that questioning , criticism and are must be and .
we , too , watched with shock the years events of september NUM .
the government now get to rebel war on iraq - a country that has no connection with september .
too many times in history people have waited until it was too late to resist .
we call on all people around the world to join us . '
this is a few from the new of the world , by john , published by the .
but what will the americans and their british be fighting to replace the with ?
the office and state department hate it and the bad example a . iraq would give to the .
in a scene straight out of marathon man , the cried that this was the man who had a little
the says neither street nor the foreign office has raised a voice in support of its democratic .
for now , i 'm dead tired and i think i may be coming down with something .
i being realistic in my expectations and have i them to my team ?
this could n't be further from the truth .
let 's face it , in a highly spoon team environment there exists a high level of all in the
here are NUM things you can do to work your teams : NUM .
are you waking up with enthusiasm and excitement about your work ?
what do you need to be more excited and ?
step away from the work environment for a day or if possible two .
signs of are : , .
them what you want .
be willing to do something yourself to show your commitment to the goal of higher motivation and .
the NUM degree performance system does seems that just .
tell your team you want their opinions and .
then do something with the communicate back to your team what you are going to do as a .
pitiful !
there is nothing that his pure praise .
some leaders feel that giving praise all the time is hard work and that employees it are high life .
you already know your people to a high level and yet we tend to determine the unique emotional needs to
her communicate and be willing to share yourself with your team .
teams who have an understanding and spoon leader tend to be more loyal and can weather change at post .
sounds good does n't it ?
hahahaha although i 've seen this before .
and then there 's the you are my friend website dramatic drum rolls and 's and .
well like i say i seems to hate thursday cuz it always remind me of the .
maybe it is in the evening that 's why i always felt so lazy to go .
hmm i also wishes her but she did n't put it down what a bummer .
it does n't really matter to me .
she told that the mail that was in their .
sleeping while working . ? ?
better . ? ?
i think most of the mail are put on the wrong place or box !
sometimes your mail even reach to you later that usual or your mail will be in someone else .
i rather do the mail myself if this matter keep continue oh btw the music is working now .
i be , we be , you be , fuck the . ! the !
i am back at the job and i feel good .
i actually got a really good night 's sleep last night .
i got home and did n't think about shit and i slept quite well .
let me go to the evening and how it went .
our host for the evening was .
she was a little nervous and you can tell .
the open .
i currently member a of the national seattle team read a job for his mother and .
something about that girl gives off the sense that she is beyond genuine .
the highlight now . ?
this part would have even made a shitty of go over to .
she got up there and she went through her poems .
when she will to relax and not rush through , she will be an feature feature .
following her was a question and answer by .
asked very .
maybe one question was asked that was decent and that was the relationship between and her mom .
need i say who won . ?
i was am to the level after the for another reasons that i wo n't display here .
won the money and that is pretty much making the problem .
i am sure that if the next bout was to take place in , it would be a good .
i just want to relax and hope that things will run down the road .
at this time , it better .
first and .
i am still a job , i am just making the of .
yet , i am a writer .
i just hope i could keep up with it .
i hope the bullshit stops .
i love now with a piece of ham on a sunday morning .
look wat we choose here .
cigarette from her lower lip lip .
in the other hand , she is a copy of the onion .
the other wears a in tank and .
it was all like a photo shoot , but where were the cameras ?
we were in the of one of their , balls .
good place to hide .
white home boy in wife and !
one of the reasons i forget i 'm married is that i rarely spend any time alone with my own
it was great and i want to have my birthday there .
now it 's july and i 'm leaving for .
the onion does it again .
in '' man of movies the past , the director was key .
there were a few in the past of course .
george george also became a famous they were the leaders .
they seemed to want the movies to be as their own as , and in that way in the
m. night .
or at least fill in the .
i like this trend .
they usually are bound to an , unreal .
all are applied .
the lead actors jim joel joel and kate are wonderfully in with the .
of course , he has his chance to show that experience in that form of that can pay off .
kate is just awesome to watch .
but this might be her best .
3* read : .
i just love the size of that c o o k i e .
and the movie would n't work without the jumping , and that it as wonderful part of the magic .
memories , painful or not , are important .
the ending is smooth too .
the reality of their past is too much to keep them together .
i got into the film for $ because i am a poor and got in before .
had more variety had and was more witty , but was done and done with that that .
i must say that this has been an enjoyable set of movies .
this is not to say that i wo n't write about for and express my feelings .
i would not want to damage the feeling of being held special .
but we are NUM different people and feelings must be married .
but come on .
the original pimp car unless of course you are a dish of crack then it then .
needless to say , i had to check her out as i drove past .
remember that all things are connected .
you are bound by your word , which can not be broken except by permission of those who the
sharing is the best part of receiving .
practice in all more things , by avoiding and loud behavior that .
always ask permission , and give something for everything that is received , including giving thanks for , and i
treat every person from the child child to the oldest with respect .
never .
respect the privacy of every person , making sure to never , upon someone 's quiet moments or .
in another job home , follow his or her from rather than your own .
listen with your heart .
always remember that a smile is something sacred , to be shared .
eh , so what .
i 'll give it up to ricky anyway .
but , i could care less .
why could n't come back come , even under the new leadership of matt ?
only that he 's played NUM years ?
this is never coming back , in fact , he 's going to .
the place seems ok to me but i really do really like the room !
my sister 's kitten would look highly catch last night with the my boss was fine .
jumping here and there here and there .
the next will scan the for the owner 's .
a hairy yellow red ass .
seems a court .
so off he goes to mental health for treatment .
it was a big game of pretend , probably our last one , at least in some of our
it 's a beautiful drive , .
i never feel alone in the car , just like i think i 'd probably not feel alone in the
there 's nothing about getting driving alone .
being in the car is kind of like that .
music just makes the whole experience more intense .
the universe is supposed to be .
you , as a kid , feel like you 're sitting still .
i guess that 's how it is when i try and feel all of what is in my life .
i ca n't , of course , because regardless of what i tell myself existence happens personal one second .
it has worked , in fact , quite well .
because the violation of human rights is not our true interest here .
that is exactly the sort of thing i should not say right now .
this is the kind of question that , while utterly valid , should not be right now .
just think how that would be to our military .
at this difficult time , president bush needs my support .
dick cheney needs my support .
and to exercise my wife , do so would be .
my head became a storage .
kind of a : or breast cancer breast ?
geez , dean stepped off .
can you imagine foreign foreign with .
or commenting on media spinning with a . ''
ah , i will miss that ?
the punk i still so own the of a mixed friends car had made for me .
over the subjective .
off to play catch up .
need to share : someone found this blog by !
everybody do the strip !
man , i ca n't win with these interviews .
am i being set up for a fall ?
this job hunting business is bizarre .
all i want is a fucking job !
i have finally managed not to get pulled in by the same old female of ' but i am .
anyway , the hell have you been doing with yourself lately ' i hear you cry !
yes thats right fans , i have been for four days !
the tells you to position yourself in the door , you do .
and you do .
then you just keep on playing bed .

this does , however , present the president with an opportunity to with the american public .
this may be the final .
name : global location : the age : NUM : middle of june NUM .
where did your soul ?
i just feel like i need a good cry .
maybe not feeling good was a factor but for whatever the reason i feel down about it .
the temperature and humidity here has been .
i just wanted to say hi talk to you all later .
jen i , november NUM posted by hello
now for the walls bunny , you can come over tonight and help me clean or not .
or san francisco ? ?
he 's thinking san diego then driving down to .
chicken , of course .
just out of curiosity and for vegetarian tips , i signed up for one from the .
is it friday yet ?
i had stuff i should have done yesterday , but i mostly just sat around the knitting house .
i got a few more inches done on a job for my mother .
here it is after noon and my biggest is had that i 've showered and washed my hair .
the i out here should be great for plants , provided i remember to water them enough .
check out this business !
by giving NUM years , NUM , you can be a woman order ?
but hey , thanks for the , frank !
that damn .
what to do now ?
then go download 's free standard edition to remove any from the computer .
c'mon peeps , do n't help spread .
this time for !
ed : you look great in the commercial !
h : nice to hear from you again my dear from !
we should definitely catch up !
however , it does require attention or he 'll feel upset and abandoned .
maybe when he gets older then we can have beer together when you visit .
jan : thanks for the details !
and yes , i 'm planning to see with the tour and am checking out their trips now .
me and angie went to ricky 's on my last night in .
today , there was a nation wide event being held in singapore .
stress , and frustrated are feeling the i went thru today .
and , for the most part , i agree .
-- but for the most part it has , !
is each the very concept of god , i think he 's missed the ball .
it is where . push themselves to ride NUM , NUM miles in NUM hours .
try NUM miles in NUM hours .
some things just happen on the road .
do n't try to go to a major attraction to the in middle of summer on a saturday night .
problem is the whole time i was on NUM which is still on the coast .
sorry , just not in my budget .
it is a beautiful night and a full moon , maybe my destiny is to take nyc in the
for the sake of those involved we won t use her real name , lets just call her in .
she then proceeded to offer her services in any office for my article .
as a professional i try to separate my work and my personal life .
next week i hope to have my article NUM in the pink NUM in the u for ready from .
a short week though , so that 's okay .
so now i have to eat out and there 's not much in the way of choices out there .
someone please explain to me why some people are so .
she says yes , it is the size of a small .
i 'm not taking all this crap .
to which i said it 's clothing that i need .
now i look like the bad guy .
why the hell do i always say i 'll do these things , thinking i 'll be the .
picture # NUM , forgot about this one , and also forgot the i could n't keep from throwing .
yet another song to describe the daily and to - my of life .
i had read your blog .
sounds like ultimately turned out good as a whole that is .
not because they are bad within themselves , but perhaps because they have more of a hold on your life
i do not say that .
i 've always known , but to what degree i was blind .
to even of giving some of those dreams up , is so difficult though .
they mostly root themselves in my own .
i mean honestly , generally speaking if it 's not one thing then it is another .
this nicely leads me to work city or life in general .
i guess you could say those are my two big things right now .
side note : chris knows i feel this way .
now we have a kid though and we are having large groups large of people over .
it feels like a nice house , but not home .
so , i go to work city and it 's a town town .
more money , lower cost for office , better schools bingo we 're set .
leaving our church and friends ?
turns , no , that does n't work .
give up sacrifice , both seem like sucky options .
chris emails me this : .
starting salary $ NUM weekly , beginning november NUM , NUM .
john , .
it 's all right here now .
so what 's my true ?
decide to make eggs instead of getting to work on time .
you being a little late is not going to kill the company .
there should be some room for steam .
think of how cold it is outside and how miserable your commute is going to be .
put eggs on a roll , toast , or english .
homer going back to sleep .
NUM million in NUM days .
the bad : i woke up saturday with a muscle in my back .
at that point in time it was so bad i saw my doctor .
what is essentially happening is a nerve there out a .
in a wonderful positive feedback that loop into a lot of pain and the .
i still have some but it 's nothing that good old .
it 's getting to the point that i wish people would do for their first no matter .
and i do feel uncomfortable with that blanket statement because i never did a and i had a lot of
less than % NUM of the people who do go on to complete the training .
they do because they think it 's more .
you are leaving a freaking weekend !
you might learn something , like whether you want to do it again .
young men think they 're in , while so they are scared , they are n't as scared as it
women also tend to be more - and can be better than men .
unfortunately , both the level were older gentlemen .
they both failed to respond to hand .
the other one seemed to remember better but was a real jackass .
i hate being an .
the biggest difference : they are in shape .
so that 's a nice word of advice to all of us of his potatoes couch : get up .
i slept most of saturday afternoon and most of sunday .
a -rrb- was headed our way , but by all reports we had time for one more load .
once the pilot got us under the , the wind shook us pretty good .
rick earned his money and a lot of from us from that day .
also ugly : drunk guys with fireworks .
i wo n't go into more details ; to say to no one got hurt .
we did n't stay for the fireworks because we were all too hungry .
some of us had a for sushi .
except we were looking for a taco bell or a .
i checked and the ticket prices were entirely reasonable .
papers are in , exams are taken , now it 's just me and two exams on .
i love calling him , because whatever he is doing is what i am not doing .
it is also my .
i ca n't understand completely what the lecture says , but keep on writing the notes : p .
i wish i 'd thought of doing this could have made a fortune the amount of mud on the
i regret that i learned of the decision not from at college or , college , but from the
anger because my office was been to be closed , but also because of the way in which is the
yet , we had hope for the future .
a new library was under , an . had been hit with the art museum for their .
in short , there was a vision for the future .
while we are all by the decision of endeavor , we can not dwell on that anger .
we have a little over a year before the college .
i thought to do all that i can to that the college campus remains devoted to the .
obviously , as one of the larger 's larger critical it is a critical part of the local economy .
the college has brought a multiple of and benefits to the bar on the east end .
we are all committed to keeping higher education at the college campus .
it will take vision and creativity to work the solution right , but it can be done .
while much work needs to be done , i am encouraged by the initial reaction of the and .
sincerely yours , fred , jr .
a new library was under construction .
an article had been announced with the art museum for the location of its new years at the .
we were all left with the impression that was committed to a new and better college .
they are now who are not worthy of our trust .
there was no with .
the focus seems to be on , property values and selling the campus to the highest .
the east end needs a college , not another project or commercial shopping area .
sincerely yours , fred , jr .
thank you for sending the letter to and for his response for everyone to read !
i drove back here straight from work .
it was busy today at the store , we almost made the weeks target , it was an .
visited my dentist , got my teeth cleaned * shiny and * .
i had a great weekend , starting friday .
besides laughing at work , amongst our group we had many moments funny .
english works just fine !
jim 's wedding was beautiful , and the reception was .
to the both of !
the pizza is good , the beer even better , and the weather is beautiful .
it was a baby evening and everyone had either a jacket or a sweater .
i could n't stop thinking of my baby who was in NUM 's !
we talked about some stuff like her friend 's wedding last weekend .
come on , i 'm way better looking ! ''
they 've been living together and now she 's like months pregnant .
: p anyways yeah
she 's such a nice .
there were mom and daughter sitting down at the table and they were .
especially the daughter looked like a typical chinese .
we actually talked in korean .
even the mom was speaking so that i could n't really understand everything she said .
they 've been living in the states for about ten years and i 'm not sure if she did n't
she was talking to jeff , mrs. lee 's sister 's .
well , it turned out that someone introduced them to each other .
.
then dad 'd n't figured that seemed too he feel old -- has friend 's NUM , old school NUM
he 's a nice guy , other than digging into '' young of girls .
mom and girls stayed and watched the movie .
on the way home , i asked if this is weather normal weather for michigan this being .
and guess what .
it 's all with adam 's stuff in the storage room !
sounds like i 'm in trouble , huh ?
i do n't like to go shopping .
buying stuff like that with our son 's money when she 's not even making any money ?
: : : : unfortunately that was fun bbq .
just like mom says , i might turn into a .
where does mel get all that energy from ?
* the trees make it make another winter * .
oregon 's bay area is right about in the middle of those two .
none of them have the same song on them .
probably of the songs i used we own the record , cd or tape of .
my in job , last i talked to him , working was through his all stuff his , and i
he lined the walls of a NUM x NUM room with of records three tall .
if john and dan their their ?
sarah walked away with a piece of you .
all the sudden , it will pop into my head , i hope that bitch is dead '' .
w .
in cars as does n't my title sound like the name of a song ?
anyone up for writing the next line ?
i personally listen to the radio in my car .
which creates an interesting reality , you know .
you know how you can hear a certain song that meant a certain thing for you when you were not
it seems like media provides that kind of frame for our lives in lots of ways .
whenever i play it , i 'm suddenly to a certain place and a certain time .
a car packed with teenagers moves their head in -- driving a dinner beat the wedding for their .
but global media makes that less and less true .
do you listen to your radio in your car ?
maybe that should be the second line of the song ?
i 've always wanted my very own to .
there are so many of .
things news probably broke the first news , but not a bunch of sick news like that iraqi .
so many times that i am beginning to find it funny .
the rest of the news programs tried not to show that part but it is just too disgusting .
one of the .
he finally broke down and looked that he had given up .
it is a competitive competitive trade .
william did pay for sex but the .
when you are caught in this kind of situation when someone is out to get you , what would be
, happy obviously had sex they had sex sex '' in the showers in a city .
he took off his jacket to show off his large arms and of course nice figure in his .
but with that kind of body : i need a cup cup .
he is just playing hard to get but then .
i loved you so much i am t straight see i loved you too much and i learned too much
i was out of sight and out of mind in fact i was almost gone .
i guess you didn t love me i should have known from the start .
the market leader , , is losing out to competition .
is an awesome movie .
are those of us who feel something is n't quite right about this world .
my bro and i are looking into getting an apartment around here , but for now , i am not
my grandma left my step grandfather thank god he is a major ass .
sick for the last three days and i 'm on a major buzz buzz .
this guy sure wears a lot of jewelry .
anyway , best of luck in iraq , . ''
endless hours of comedy !
link in the tool bar .
as noted by the double blog on my weekend .
see - i thought he was coming for dinner based on a conversation we had the night before .
i , of course , flipped and thought he was standing me up .
he was for a fight , really .
he was still .
i am the traffic god .
followed by various throwing his product into the weekend to keep the office of noise .
took me for an awesome ride - down NUM , to route NUM south .
at one point we hit NUM .
i was never worried .
the office of mary is today .
it is also the of john of .
i do not believe that he was , or is , catholic .
as a final today .
i really wanted to go swimming , but i did n't bring a suit .
but it was a beautiful day for a lake tour .
it would be fun to work in an . there .
on the way back from lake .
i think i 'm all ready to go .
it become a big deal when most of are in three bags .
its actually NUM am right now .
i ca n't be like nicholas and toss and turn awake .
maybe i 'll be .
i do hate that n't stay awake in the car .
well , goodbye .
fireworks this week were great scott and i went and watched them with a bunch of kids from the
i guess he was n't a very good .
it 's a very nice park , with an absolutely perfect stretch of beach along lake .
shopping weekend christmas shopping occupied my entire weekend .
i bought a job , to protect my from the those from dads falls .
i 'll use it to pack my xbox for road trips !
i picked up from the airport last night !
we had dinner and went shopping at the wedding in san diego .
after that , we had to play some xbox at my house !
christmas lights i finally hung christmas lights in front of the house !
at night , the effort was worth it .
the red to NUM .
reality bites - best use of a song in a final from ever NUM .
the birds the '' NUM .
my cell phone .
: my summer job today .
enough time in the computer lab .
work seemed to last forever .
on a big note , my email is now not sending me my .
i love shawn very much and hope to be with him for a very long time .
: , it is a job to have you as a guest .
: thank you : tell us a bit about the violent culture you come from .
was the process of the religious , arts , media , and the social of fabric of the .
the is attempting to spread itself throughout NUM years states .
now , what type of a child can a system like this produce ?
in the office , songs , social life .
: why is it so for to for hate ?
the die as well as even other .
is a fan , a process to an entire society to believe that that are trying more .
in other words , an medical dose of extreme national pride can go too far .
the difference is that the first is by the others .
what were the of the of the ?
these are the things you rarely hear or see in the media today .
even if every job is dead it would make no difference .
the goal is be to the world . ''
and its cause is hardly a big one , it is far from being or .
it is sure to ask ourselves : why ?
why a state midwife religion ?
not so in the world world with a culture that has a short .
he knew that if he too much from the main line of that he would die .
the only difference between and the pa is the dose of .
i am to go through a program .
it started in NUM and by studying from the jewish bible , arts , and history .
one is on mode , and the other on the attack .
i began with on the roof .
i watched it over NUM times .
they accused me of being racist .
i wanted to see this .
quietly entered the bus .
not why they stone , .
why were not allowed not to exist in by work , yet exist in israel proper ?
i realized that i was being with all of these feelings .
that i began to love ?
to want to work both jewish children and . is a sin ?
to love ourselves is easy .
did is made their void and in in , yet i saw in the culture that is .
we are not winning into the fold , but the ?
cancer is painful .
i decided to work to christianity as a result and fight for justice for practices everywhere .
once we get the big picture , we can see who the is - the .
what is their psychology ?
can we evil ?
there are two types of '' . ''
these are a group of people who think they are dreaming of peace but view it through vision world .
this group unfortunately much of the jewish community and the western world .
now the jewish community is divided either pro or against a state stupor .
at least this group should adjust and stand for a democratic '' there , a .
this is the group who had hopes in .
this was in NUM .
silent when christians die in your , or are killed by .
you never hear a .
they are too quick to point their fingers in israel as the world .
to these i have but a simple question what did the for do to be in this ?
these are lead by in sheep in 's clothing .
nothing is impossible in my view .
you are a truly !
france appears to be having some problems with its capacity .
maybe it 's because i 'm attracted to men into , but damn , bill be sexy .
true breathing true means to breathe in with the universe .
why is it that just when you 're making a new friend somethings always happens to get in the
normally i 'd probably have been the first from my company to make such , being the friendly .
anyway , they 're a small company , just the NUM of them and all a great laugh .
it always amazes me how are it is to meet new people in a city as large as this .
it involved some science , and a whole lot of drinking .
called would to invite me to see earth wind fire and chicago live in concert !
so there we were , only about NUM rows back and smack in the center .
the sound was amazing , work has a range to make that would make spoon - the , and
the sound was , again , amazing .
after the show .
all in all , a great night .
a little of the old in and out in : as the childish diva .
in addition in , says the , .
according to : .
she is expected to work to police today . ''
but dont want just any mirror .
when and clinton came back he sounds really mad .
you know the regular lines , do not call the private . com anymore .
is n't this just a case of the calling the clinton ?
i still can not believe that henry is allowed to walk the streets free and by a .
in : heidi and and baby : perhaps : the cutest family unit ever .
the german , who 's birth to gave daughter just one month ago , describes as as .
really is a kind of love i 've never felt before . '
out : the sean stupidest al page from work is getting a little bit wierd .
bodies like ours .
i am sorry for the joke . ''
in : the tom .
i look forward to it , cheers .
thank god for idiot !
for any story you wish to submit please email them to me @ .
remember i will not edit , so check your spelling if it matters .
and yes , i did take my pill !
i still do n't think .
just completed my first progress test for one of my job today .
not too bad , some were there but i completed it way ahead of time .
i even put off writing on the blog just to study .
no matter , im glad its over .
not to mention the coming exams .
all my job would have passed away .
this is the final week that i have to report to camp in the mornings .
good in a way , just hope i can last the week .
as always the lack of is at the ?
will give this more thought .
been spending a lot of time with my younger brother as of late .
in many ways i am glad that i was able to witness most of it .
now i have to keep watch on his emotional and mental growth .
since i have to keep a close watch on my own as well .
that makes NUM .
in other news , .
hanging out with abby 's parents comforting and celebrating will be good i think .
should be a nice .
which is only really a problem because it 's supposed to be at our apartment .
at least not much .
speaking of homer , david 's livejournal has been causing a stir lately with good reason i have been .
he can say whatever the hell he wants to say .
so i was thinking of trying to follow those ?!?!?
so i was thinking of trying out that as well .
is it that i 'm so very that or i have my sensitive male side thing going on .
anyway , i 'm running at NUM am tomorrow , i need to sleep .
you know how to protect by note an cry one thing about fiction sudden is that it works .
more on the story , i particularly like the character of the '' you since it is very '' .
i also like the setting because even though , it is ordinary , a very smart and situation generally .
with his stories , that sudden fiction really works even if there is in words .
is this the sign of a new trend ?
i seriously need a vacation .
jordan read the .
i keep telling people , have we have been started by the way we do life ! ''
there is also a part of this question that continues to raise the issue of transition an how we have
but to we adjust our dream ?
are to be and often go in the direction god is leading ?
i 'm not sure how we got locked into the form of a house church in some people in the
the other part of house church name is problem the notion of being a small looking group .
we want to be extremely focused on reaching out to the missing children of god within our of the
i keep telling myself a quote from 's book from a pastor in india , india .
but trying to work that out with concerned family and friends that 's an other thing .
just this past week i made a good connection with two guys from the area .
he is on staff at a church in the area .
since my day yesterday was rather private .
in all my blog - i have read , politics about personal , law , death , law , and
there are two people in my life that i know that stick to anything besides meat .
i never this her on it .
the best thing about it was that she never tried to her beliefs on me .
that is he reason why i could her .
they make these decisions based on whatever they feel is best for them .
it is sure to see that little .
i usually get together all the !
i always had this time love for a good piece of cow meat teddy on my plate .
i am trying to eat less .
so this year , i might think of something different then steak .
so this year , we eat seafood .
i will plan it soon .
give the third traveling member of the a shout out for his birthday .
my birthday will be spent eating .
peace , love , baby . and !
there will be fireworks .
luckily for me , i am a cuban , so that statement should come as no shock .
i discovered a good additional as it lay for me to just for it shoot to end .
we 're all going to die ! ''
i can always edit later .
this 'll really ruin it for you ; the posts will be .
it reminds me of 's .
discover yourself as the .
go to the dark behind the light and . there '' .
okay you all know about the .
they have now .
find out here !
seriously , u think i would ditch you with that garbage ?
do n't you have any left . . when . ? ? ? ?
just because . ?
well , that is the way that i feel around new people .
unfortunately , as you might have guessed , i was quiet today from my first day at my .
i wont give you any details tho , cuz who the hell really cares about my pro life anyways .
i was just lookin for someone to talk to , i swear .
it really breaks the ice with so many of your colleagues .
do they match the ? ''
let 's hope tomorrow goes better .
the st is packed at NUM : NUM on a .
i had i NUM NUM ps .
and i place my NUM pound in his hand .
jesus fuckin christ i was pissed .
however , sometimes it is good .
tony and i played video games this evening at a real arcade .
pretty enjoyable movie not classic a .
i think i would enjoy .
on a final note , i handed in my office on friday .
lame excuse i know but i was workin pretty hard on it .
at one point , i direct a to a cowboy pencil ' what i have an .
`` go ahead '' ? ''
more tomorrow , .
though you are a person thought , you demand respect from other people .
as such , you have a life you and life friends around you will find you to be .
you express your love in a wild and passionate way .
nose : in a relationship , sex is something essential to you !
you are by nature by you and not can stay long at a place without feeling .
you share share all your place with them and you are not easily sure are if you are not .
a long a weekend and relationship relationship is your .
you have a to appreciate to share or the feelings and thoughts of others .
your behavior is NUM % with your inner feelings .
when you kiss someone 's lips , you are actually the hope of having one true love .
neck : by nature , you are to be someone to dreams that of of love .
even when you are no longer in love with your partner , you demand to love you to do .
aspects involves of both .
i worked my last shift at de la on friday yesterday ?
after two years with some of these people , man , i cried when i left this bites .
i hate the fact that i 've gotten all emotional and crap like that lately .
so why does have to work all the on the same day ?
i have been . all morning with no signs of stopping !
on the plus side , i get to have a bridal shower !
i did n't know if i was going to have one or not .
i miss my !
i had no idea all the little things you have to deal with .
i 'll be lucky to come out of this alive .
baseball season is almost upon us .
everyone is the cubs to the not only be in the world series , but to win the whole time
i , like many others will go ahead and go out on a job and pick them and .
but i accomplished some things .
i had her in my husband as a flower girl - words ca n't describe the love and .
shawn 's greg got him and i a county football .
i do n't think i 've ever been more cold in my entire life .
the obviously being in NUM when i covered the .
i 've been working on the game as well not everyday .
one that 's done doing things like free agency and should be over by fast pretty .
the has a lot of built into it .
i really like the new .
right now im a little drunk .
i watched 's top model ' at work 's place .
the .
just some crazy idea that struck me .
i was practically .
its very late right now .
contrary to what people may believe , de does not celebrate mexico degree independence from spain .
it is also my daddy s birthday .
act like you know .
the uk is still all about the weekend .
in : corporate fat cats talking about fat americans .
he said that once the food is on your plate we dont have .
if you look at weight gain in the usa and the us has been a leader in this .
what happened after NUM ?
it is much cheaper to get it thanks to technology to prepare he mention french fries .
he mentioned tv and computer activity , and that work is more .
the third factor the is a child and difficult one , and i dont know how much weight to be
he says this is all , but he believes it .
junk foods , junk .
ol ' is not going to give the ?
but each month i get a .
also revealed also that the company had achieved record in the first quarter .
they are going to go down faster than paris .
in : jay z 's NUM problems NUM video '' is hot .
thanks scott of for from us up with this shit .
jay z gets with with a la tony a .
that 's fucking disgusting .
no wonder the old money upper east are so mean .
i 'm working on updating my template before i do anything else .
i 'll only link to blogs that are specifically work related , like call centre , for example of the
i 'm sitting around at the waiting for time to pass .
he 's carrying a and football and .
falls on of january every year .
this day is as the most as day by the all over the country .
obviously , to the office the winter , oil endeavor is used along with .
being soft , curly til as products made from pub about including the exchange of love and meditation .
hope you had fun yesterday !
username : personality from
just the usual day off routine of waking up and watching .
unfortunately it was one of the episodes of people over feeding their babies .
i 'd like to send these parents a while watching it .
how bout you do n't feed your kid .
i 've thought it looking and i 'll say it a million times more .
i hang my head in shame knowing that this is what america is .
it 's called walmart .
would it kill you to rub a wet one over their faces before they get out of the car .
actually it 's not my town it 's the small that to my that .
but they sure do know how to work roll back '' prices eh ?
quite a few people called , work or emailed .
i simply can not wait until i am there , can not wait to be near him again .
rarely watch the show ever since .
other memorable thing was the usual flying living in the long distance distance from australia '' thing .
or maybe i should wait till we have some more news .
but i 'm and do n't feel that NUM is any different to NUM yet .
it 's sunday , it 's leap um , day or sunday .
well georgia has been gone and has , she 's on her plane home right now .
i learnt a lot of stuff about myself and other people .
the issue will hopefully never come up again .
i 've been quite productive considering how tired i am !
here is an interesting .
dance mainly , with a little and higher , if need be .
our no longer out of phase , we are often , counting , face to face .
of bliss , , o lips divine !
would have been content to die , had he but known such a NUM !
i first heard this album when i was at .
shannon and missy were there .
listening to the promise in this story at the start of my own artistic career .
failed for most of the same reasons that make writing a blog so natural for me .
in order to express the intention provides an actor must his or her his conscious .
disappointing for an actor but it 's been my saving grace as a person .
tony returns today !
our family seems to be feeling god 's hand heavily at the moment .
it 's like you wake up and think , what can make today worse than yesterday .
i just want to and get away from everything .
ok thats me for today .
yesterday i typed out my first ever poem for a gal .
roses are red , are blue , your top today looks great , that 's why i ca n't get
but .
greetings , from !
this thing cracked me up enough to cause me to question my in my previous post that i have to
sorry , i 'll try to fix up a new one today .
beyond that one point , the rest of the article kind of rolled over me as a sea of the
so .
i wish her the best of luck .
it 's monday morning and i 'm still at home .
and i want to be the best make sure she 's happy .
NUM : NUM and i probably should get started .
i 'm not really into tony .
or maybe give my job the power to pull and are out of her ass when her hunger .
out of her ass !
i still do n't know if that was a good idea but i needed to see him and he had
i apologized for crying and he just held me and told me to go ahead and cry as much .
i hate his family for doing this to him , he feels responsible for people he should n't ; it
i wish he 'd hurry up and figure things out , my heart is broken and it wo n't be
what a great story !
also , after much i finally have myself a new ride :
i really do n't know why i do this to myself , i really do n't .
this morning , i looked at my office !
of course , i bought it all .
and then i got !
i , for one , would like to see an end to published .
ironic did n't i just say all .
i know it 's his character but he plays it so well !
decent in from every scene .
this round is worth NUM points .
there will be for for use of off , this rebel references , and lack of drug use .
you may either submit the via email or blog post .
define the theme as you like - however you may be required to explain your definition !
dead and .
so sad so lonely .
south park was classic tonight
i got this from and surprise i 'd put it here for my reference .
guys are pretty complicated .
and worst , they do n't know how to make u feel important !
in fact , many men need to be in a relationship more than women do .
they talk to each other things , and turn to one another for support easily , but men do n't
check them out here .
sure , it can be fun for a while .
and i do n't just mean someone for sex .
' '' when asked what the real thing '' meant to wonder him -- and his friends -- bob .
who likes you that way .
when a guy is in a relationship where he is allowed to be himself , he feels more confident .
this kind of feeling is hard to get in any other way .
being inspired to be a better man andy said he loves the challenge of relationships .
q relationships make me keep myself up , work out , look good , stay sharp , keep my own
when things work out , i feel like a winner .
it 's like i 'm saying , look what i have .
for many guys like andy , relationships are a big ego boost .
simply having a partner who understands him for tim , it 's slightly different .
when i 'm in a relationship , '' tim , said the woman the becomes woman of the .
when things get boring or rough , i think of her and feel great .
it reminds me that there 's a prize for me at the end of the road . ''
seeing his girlfriend 's smile or hearing her voice becomes the reward for all of his hard work .
knowing that he 's capable of doing this makes him feel good inside .
men need to feel as though they 're doing a good job .
when a man feels like he can please his girlfriend or wife , it makes him feel wonderful about it
i 'll be i really frank about it , '' he said .
it 's important to me .
when i do n't , it makes me .
of course both partners are by a relationship that includes good sex .
but for many men , it simply helps them feel loved , , .
sharing his life with someone another mark loves about being in a relationship is having someone to come home .
that we check in with each other , go over the day , laugh at jokes and work things .
this makes a huge difference in how i do at work . ''
this kind of care provides balance and and .
when shows stuff that she is happy with him , he will appreciate the relationship more .
scene NUM : is working is on a case of bank .
that worked that with worked like , threw a cuban with a to out an escape .
his wife the one .
he it saying its .
scene NUM : the younger cop arguing with .
thomas would have been my age .
scene NUM : looks at the same newspaper and tears them one by one .
i i you . ''
-rrb- me as to how much can be by saying by less so .
they are indeed masters of .
the lights came up , the intro music went on .
it was ironic , it was funny .
so the intro music went down and we started .
then the singing started , perfectly with the / guitar volume .
then the whole band kicked in , drums bass , s so loud !
on the stage , the lights were getting hot .
it was the last show , there was a whole life left to double shirt after this .
we were men on a mission , and you could feel it !
of course , i would have thought the lights would have been better , this being our last show .
those lights look really professional .
it could have made the batman symbol before we came out , when like beat it was being played .
oh well , the one on me on will do .
you were n't , laughing with your friends , all in all having a great time .
i could tell that by the second verse of that song everybody had become a little uncomfortable .
we liked that song .
we are always felt that could a physical on level is just as good as any on other .
we ended up not playing as long as we thought we would have .
maybe we realized the magic was gone and why try pushing our luck .
all that aside , we finished up with our hit , our one classic .
what would the last night have been without that song ?
so we finished that last song amongst great cheers .
we thanked you , you thanked you , really , and walked off the stage .
fifty people , maybe , but , well an is just is with that with many people .
of course there will be reunion .
you saw the last , great rock show , and you can never forget it , and neither will be
anyway , long story short , i got home found his birth certificate in the place i put all .
i think i may get a chance to go see a broadway show sometime soon .
our family is going down to see her and everything .
so to .
i was gon na go back and get a picture !
imagine , a church of because of a sign !
also , being the nice guy he is , he helped me a little with the comments and layout .
especially if you !
hate the woman who thinks she 's your boss , when she is really .
she had a link to her website in the of the email her .
it was her professional work email and her personal website , but still come on , people .
my problem is , has been pretty much the day i started working here , .
the company does not have a policy in comp time . ''
but if i get sick , i get .
but if works more than her NUM hours or whatever . gives her half a day off .
i have been here longer than , but that also means nothing .
she 's a bitch .
i do i have been this have this in a long time .
the day at work was a monday but i could handle it .
asking me if ken was going to go to work today !
she said well i need to know now not later .
he was in pain and took some meds he was going to wait for the meds to set in the
one of the classes the students do it .
i am so tired of people like that bitch and like the coke geek to appear all home .
why cant everyone leave my family alone . ? ?
no wait the best one yet .
i just knew if i got in with a small company then a larger company would notice me .
this is a warning and a promise .
i need to pick up good good good weekend skills , be firm and get things done !
wat the hell is taking in me in now ?
not sad like i want to cry , but shaking my head that 's too fucking bad '' .
it just was n't sure proper '' .
so many follow women around regarding sex .
she limits what she wants by what she feels she should do .
i 'm not talking about the woman who has little to no .
i speak of a woman who is afraid to enjoy sex .
who fears her own and fears and his it .
who would have us apologize for who we are and what we do .
i curse at them all
i realize now that i have four classes left .
hey that is really NUM weeks of work because i will be missing the week of my new .
you know the little guy that was on ?
i kind of like this new blogger .
this is n't so fun anymore .
i 'm by by NUM .
this time , they picture soldiers over the dead body of an iraqi who died during .
certainly the soldiers deserve to be punished .
does n't it seem like some of those should be held ?
by now , its not a news anymore .
it really amazed us when he topics for our in the field in that we were interested in the
may be , his only wish was probably that he did n't get married .
i have another special message to post today
enjoy it love you .
i can hardly move .
it 's a NUM day assembly , so a lot of the time is wasted driving there and back .
maybe an idea would be to work all three days into one weekend session .
no more wasted travel .
that would save me even more time .
lunch is for anyway .
maybe , i could have arranged to have an touch feed had all the direct to my direct .
is that really necessary ?
just think of how much shorter the day would be if i was connected up to a .
one tube going in , one tube going out .
how it gave them character .
oh , but they were happy .
maybe i should hear my clearly selfish , attitude to modern life .
our knees should have been under our like the .
i 'm just joking !
actually , the reception was very good .
did i mention that ?
scary , is n't it ?
you 're logical and , focused on figuring life out and doing what makes sense .
your level is higher than average - you know what you want , but sometimes know not to be the
you like the idea of things for the better and find hope in situations where others might give me .
the html color quiz
i heard to link her up in that recent post where i responded to her last email .
shes back from france , and am im pink that mobile and therefore in a position to make a .
bob dylan has been my rock idol since i was a kid .
, i just tried my roommate tonight over my journal to document , another NUM , ya right .
it is was i see myself doing .
i 've also decided that tom and mark are my creativity and my attempts at becoming a deeper .
mark and i never talk about anything other than work , the weather and what we 've done today .
does he think for himself ?
no , not a as my guessed .
that i get here for $ NUM .
entering calendar , to do 's and the like .
i actually forgot about my gig on that date .
anyway , the play is only for an hour and a half no .
i 'll check again with the girls just in case the gig gets cancelled or something .
jeans and shirts or lighter ?
as it is rather good i think you 'll find .
slept for NUM hours last night , and do n't feel any better .
at least i 'm just feeling bad and not feeling like i 'm dying , like when i had to
i feel like packing up and doing the same !
i 'm going to visit my friend in texas in about a week .
out of NUM pages , steve has written : NUM but that 's how many he had done at the
for those who care , i will be in boston wed evening until jan NUM .
another family dinner today .
still , another NUM days of not having to go through this crap after today .
meanwhile , it should have an that greatly the ordinary church 's .
this is one of the main ways we make people look twice and take our message seriously . ''
by the way , my wife just told me to remind you , loyal reader , that i am not
well i have n't been able to ? my with a post lately , so here it is .
my frustration and sadness over being dumped was .
had only about two days really on a personality level at least .
i realize i have actually friends now , i realize i 've been very paranoid in general for a little
i communicate with animals more on that later .
, june NUM .
looking for with other , i looked for famous people born on that day .
now for the wonderful story about how i now have a duck .
she got him when he was a very small chick , completely yellow and she kept him at her .
me the . nice guy that i am let her bring it over .
there 's more work than i expected .
by you , sitting in the classic duck floating on water pose .
its also one of the few films of this kind that i think would be a success as a
its nuts , you have to see it .
ad : i 'm sorry , i ca n't come on sunday .
the teaching was it really hit the mark for us .
thanks for letting me be apart of it .
let me know if you 're interested in doing this with us .
i 've already read the book and it has some of the .
let 's enjoy the rest of this summer together !
now i 'm not ready into get huge sunday with very little idea of what i have to be .
the big city folks make a seem lot more interesting than it is really .
now that we 've sort of moved on : do you guys really like this place ?
the real problem is .
maybe i 'm , but when i think about too much , i get depressed .
it just this me .
if i ever write a weekend , will be of central and and .
diet is really good .
but not good old royal .
but it does make me pee a lot , a side effect i 've learned to deal with .
yeah , i still hate , but it 's better than all that sugar .
mostly who , who called me on thursday and asked if we should do something on friday .
we met up at la , which is one of my favorites .
those ones at the bottom of the pile were really gross .
i did some deep breathing to relax myself and kept the road rage under control .
.
i also thought they drove the same point home a little too much .
ideally was into the idea of bingo and for some reason that scared me .
it would be like a gang war .
alex was home when we got back from the o'neill and greg joined us later .
we played two train games , ! winning most , if not all of the time .
i have to admit , thinking about it today , i m a little sad that we on the .
my friend and colleague sent her assistant out to pick a few six years of our favorite beer .
later , i left to meet up with my job : mike and .
got home rather early but it was nice to have the place to myself .
saturday started early again .
patrick arrived a little late , which worked out fine .
was great is , he arrived early and was some food for our bbq .
cat and jim made with work .
the tour was on full blast .
do n't like em all .
probably this is because it is actually an from his book in the christ .
.
short review : read it .
it is a good on the condition only that it comes from a with weekend by good and .
do we get more excited about a football game than someone coming to know the lord ?
guess i could have been more honest too .
i had just my hard .
i think i need a bubble bath .
god in a box look i drew a picture .
anyway the writer was asked about what is his view on dating .
many thoughts came to my mind , but now i have totally forgotten all of them .
ideally and sarah 's baby is coming out tomorrow , and i take less of baby ' .
a mcdonald has for this a us flag design throw .
the drawing will take place the of july .
thanks for the for the , we miss you !
i wan na to to thailand - or or wherever there 's a beach !
i do n't think there is that much beach in singapore .
unfortunately , i 'm going with mel this time instead of anna and .
or thailand with it 's work and spoon ' '' hehe !
oh well , i 'll just concentrate for now on losing some pounds .
: it 's rainy season again , one of the reasons why we did n't push through with the
wonder if that will .
nice shorts , junior i finally realized the one thing i dislike the most about summer .
walking around in and shorts makes me look like a .
let 's all just love one another !
everything i say gets ignored .
new week , same shit .
i bet you 're wondering where i was yesterday huh ?
i ca n't quit though , cause i 've only been doing it for a week and a half .
maybe it will get less sucky when i get better at it .
the number NUM NUM .
t hard to believe that -- beat out the greatest artist of all time , but that 's the
i do not blame them .
now that i have put my most foot forward - hand me the friggin ear !
when i walk passed you i shall smile and think of the dreams in my head .
fortunately , have put it up online .
- information information for specific needs .
- apply information to solve problems .
- use information to a productive work environment .
but for the longest time , it seemed that the alleged unsuspecting would to work against the .
magazines that took two years to the office have to have decided the darkness on the covers after their .
looking at the way they have seen the darkness , it would appear that its music was seemingly .
it s just that success has come sooner rather than later for the band not that he is complaining .
we thought that success would be a more but global success for the darkness has come with the .
because of the changes that have happened , the band is doing a lot of things that are quite .
because we did so well with the first album , we can do whatever we want now .
it s not difficult at all .
the fact is , for the band s sake , we are going to stop , you know ?
we don t feel any pressure to have to represent england in america or anything like that .
we re not a cool kind of band .
i think they took to us because we enjoyed myself needed like anybody else and that s exciting to be
we don t care about being cool .
i think it s more important to be .
people who love it have more than one reason to love it , you know ?
my mind would n't shut down .
i 've suffered from this shit for the last couple of years .
something is wrong with me .
my nephew is disappointed that i did n't come up and watch him play , and now my sleep .
to the point where i lost some sleep on saturday .
i m not going to see around pointing fingers and you in the town square .
and the replies have been interesting .
remember , the ground rules of the blog require intellectual , so please don t take offense .
i am already .
i m looking out for the vacation homes of the super .
the problem of my little has to do with my decision to to them their actions .
what they do with their profit means nothing to me .
does don s customer have a right to what knowing how to do with his ?
the rule here is simple the product a price that is a well known .
the government uses the power of force to the city the from the .
dave against the high office of the content , as well as the as the of the rich .
what is , indeed , good .
makes a movie .
if you don t like the price , don t see it !
you have a choice .
ideally would be a case where was !
a movie ticket is for last time i looked .
salary has no impact on you .
whoever pays his salary does so because it is a bargain .
has proven his ability to provide a greater rate of return than most of .
dave mentioned that the stars are their customers .
you have no ! right to entertainment .
you do not have the right to download it .
mark makes the case that some can be noble .
should we thank for the growth in security technology ?
and again , i don t get the idea that the industry is taking advantage of me .
they are what who people are willing to pay at the the .
the industry is there to make money , as you know .
they are going to the profit the mighty people think the market will provide .
what s the difference between the two ?
no one is forced to pay .
i m trying to be with my beliefs .
but more important than what you think i have to with what i think , since i am not .
it is my personal choice , just as it is your choice .
that might be true , and i am sad to hear it .
it means that the will of the majority is more important to each of us then our own desire .
it should be more important to each of us in our own .
maybe i am sounding like some bastard here .
i don t think of myself as some of being .
hehe added him and he is it immediately .
he was my very mate back in sec laundry and i have to know him almost my living friend .
well , i am still childish now .
i saw 's profile in it , oh could it be that my friend is also one .
he was quite happy for me that i was attached , simply feel that i could give my bf .
i really hope that he can get to know some nice guy and get attached loh .
well , i may bring him out for an outing if there 's ever going to be one in the
haha really hope that someone can start planning for an outing soon .
anyway , for those that are reading my blog and keen to be my friends , add me at the
hehe my address is @ wondering how 's job doing now .
sigh just got to get used to it loh .
hehe ca n't wait to meet up $ on friday night .
the moved on to work you know who you are !
yes , that means i miss you .
my birthday came and went .
i 've realized that i figured people speaking in general terms about while i 'm trying to be a little
that means you mom .
finally got my car installed installed in my car .
she was and still is incredibly hot .
the past few days have been utterly .
so we essentially have an with a dick that somehow believes his life is relevant to someone .
i met a not to long ago who looks like agent .
this kid , not dave .
i would vote for him without .
suck it up drew .
at least if is this , he wo n't spread .
that 's really where it .
star wars : of the old republic is much much more of a lot of episode or i have to
if he had a drop of creative sense , this is the movie he would made .
does have one quality white , if i were dying in a job , his our would feed the
at least not that i can see .
i shall return , much like the dark , though with a hell of a lot less hot .
dice : island , with iraq , .
a couple of rest a of a that of a alcohol of alcohol .
directions : add your favorite on tuesday and wednesday .
mix well and enjoy .
i was like . brad pitt !
i agreed to go along to see it at cinema in cinema .
the mexican was acceptable
thanks to brad pitt i will watch pretty much anything .
american action adventure drama .
as a regular movie .
secondly , the story is .
the between arthur and his wife however , is , even if it 's a bit .
-- > just saw king arthur .
NUM of NUM as that .
i had low expectations for this one as well , but i was pleasantly surprised .
also never becomes anything more than a regular bad guy , but this case it , works it .
and i like how and are .
there are now reports that has claimed responsibility for the of life .
but it is not the only evidence available .
uh , i 'm pretty sure the war reached europe already .
i started out the day believing that this was the work of .
i fear the worst - that it is happening all over again .
all in all , nothing terribly exciting to report .
in the meantime words of bruce lee park : i may not be hungry but , i can be so
i 'm so stupid , i should have gotten her name .
if anyone knows where i can find such info , and maybe an example , please tell me .
and it 's up and running once again .
let the begin .
jealous of the one who finally found you made your sun and your stars .
science fiction museum and hall of fame -- science fiction museum and hall of fame .
does it say that i have NUM comments on one of my posts when it only shows me two .
is it a beer post or was there never really a third post at all ?
can i just say what the trooper was that marketing firm thinking ?
that commercial right up right there with the .
early on leading in the office according to what we 're told .
but check this out .
do n't always agree with them though .
it 's all ' NUM me when i was driving my sister home her therapy session .
still marriage my bf said , it 's time to talk marriage .
but somehow i n't be happy .
i have no intention at all leaving my study while it 's already near the end .
of my friend is going to france in july , and he engaged with his gf .
so .
still years later i so .
ca n't we cancel an engagement ?
ca n't they trust one another without an engagement as their ?
i want him to trust me , as well as i will try to trust him , while he was
and i want NUM marry him !
and the thoughts of it makes me feel a bit .
but th @ n't mean i could n't want it about it .
not a good place to be .
wo n't someone come rescue me ?
r said something to s about something that x said about j and x having s trust issues .
both x and j are upset with r and s. all involved think whole thing is .
i leave work today at NUM : NUM .
i figure that i will waste it updating my blog .
i have an eye doctors appointment .
seems like a lot longer .
things that went on come to me every once in a while and bring a smile to my face .
the best times were when i was on the office NUM team i believe .
i could sit and listen to people all day and just watch the chat room .
those were the days .
i started book one on thursday and was done on saturday .
they are very good books .
: spent the weekend .
i think it looks better without all of the weekend .
once the money tree decides to give me some more cash .
so , the crap overseas is getting worse everyday .
i feel bad for the families and for the person that experience a horrible death .
unfortunately to say that they wont kill the person anyway if you meet their .
i heard that poor korean man crying how he didnt want to die on the radio this morning .
i should check to see if he has anything to say about it .
maybe you want the emails ?
we 've all been wondering if we 'd ever get anything from you .
you never sent a thing .
that 's what 's most - that you as never asked about what the whole process was turning process .
group projects mean .
you were n't there on monday either when heather asked us to go on wednesday instead of monday .
yes , your anger is ; you 've made it better than things on yourself may it at a
your anger on the group , not me .
i 'll accept none of it .
i did take the .
who said anything about last minute ?
you act as if i am looking to get a bad grade or as if i am nothing about it
why do you feel as if i need help .
practice is when everything works and nobody knows why .
-- anonymous recently , i happened to on the on the history of the in general .
it was one of those really machines in korea medical people to home in work .
all too familiar names .
microsoft reached its .
the problem with is , and on different levels , making it the bad boy of software .
does microsoft really produce software that meets the user 's expectations ?
the degree to which microsoft and windows have my job as well as fellow users ' expectations are .
.
this is followed by numerous version with problems files and practices .
to top it all , products come with a price tag .
i do n't believe so .
microsoft and windows have had such a huge impact on the pc market , that nobody gives a .
people have no problem downloading frequent and updates .
part ii continued here
this is n't exactly a fantastic .
with via night .
i was to get into the shower this morning and i caught a glimpse of my body in the
i carefully every line while my heart before my and then smiled .
my are ! out again and my arms are up .
i thought , !
then she broke my cock .
later , katy will write about breaking me .
so there you have it .
so i guess that , speaking , the this does n't really exist .
we really need some adults in charge .
he seems to be too smart for the office because he still runs .
yesterday was but i refused to watch it since i go to sleep with the tv on .
it was pretty neat .
it was NUM dollars .
it was better than a chicken but still a little odd , and i also had a .
for example , at NUM it 's from sound of music .
i highly encourage for all of you to email me and write comments .
remember keep in touch .
last weekend was my first weekend here alone .
i watched a movie at the sunshine , a little independent theater near here .
lots of details to watch for , very cool lighting and set .
but this past weekend i just did a lot of wandering .
i met up with michelle from atlanta and we had bubble tea which is awesome .
saturday after the tea michelle and her friend went off to get and .
by the time i got to times .
the girls took me to some fancy places on the where doors were the giant and clothes the .
so needless to say my flip flops and libra teddy did n't have running to show me the .
anyway this is getting long .
then to a job club for some dancing and fancy drinks .
i ca n't handle anymore drinks with leaves or fruit .
england is a generally good person who did very bad things , in the name of of just taking it
it seemed it like a good idea at the time and now i vegas '' it is probably more .
ok some of you already know that i recently joined weight .
so many people say '' all are the same '' .
and all are are hard .
it 's a lifestyle change .
changing your lifestyle is even harder than a diet , but it 's long , unlike most of .
i have lost NUM lbs .
but the question is , can be you stay away from carbs for the rest of your life ?
will it do your body any good to eat lots of foods foods for years to come .
i would n't recommend it for more than that though .
you can also earn points by .
i just wanted to say here that if you are one of us in the world who is overweight .
group meetings are wonderful .
you get in and for lbs in that you have lost .
the website is also a great place to go .
signing off current mood : current music mix of music / oh yeah !
i 've had a dry spell of good stories to write in my blog , even though i have been
the school system here run in rounds , so that the most experienced teachers get first at the .
everytime the phone rings i think , he 's here !
now , i 've always liked and .
i 'm not sure the ?
perhaps i will glance over the .
everything is political after all , especially in an election year .
i 'd love to make a living telling stories , whether in short story , novel , or comic .
i really need to get off my ass and finish some stuff .
my damned master 's thesis .
the the .
i 've been damned lazy of late , and i do n't really know why .
i need some sort of structure .
besides , i 'll get !
what 's that , you ask ?
long distance celebration
she turns the big today .
we love you lots .
in an responsible way starting saturday !
so , you kerry lovers might think this is a bit huh ?
unfortunately the ad i just saw says that it was by .
the ad was dead on and did n't tell any lies .
amazing moments happen in pairs .
i do n't know what to think at this point .
it 's almost like we 're drawn to them .
good people , and they 're a lot of fun to spend time with .
there 's a standing offer to her to be my roommate if we 're both in in next week .
after seeing high for the time , i 'm reminded how much i feel like lists .
some you 've heard , some you have n't .
if you want to add me , send me an email or an .
just go for it , already .
if not , do read .
some things you can have for free .
it 's the little things .
so good .
although if they showed that part , the movie would be NUM hours instead of .
i know , i know , you all already know eachother , but * i * do n't .
the has become has my new york news page .
plus i really dig the web page design .
cool colors , nice , well , designed , .
chilled with for a while , had n't seen her in a few days since i had gone .
my parents would n't ever let me do something fun .
they knew that it was what i wanted .
tonight was another concert .
i had n't seen for since the pill tour back in the .
wow , that was a long ass time ago .
this tour had less people than last night .
ladies could have put me to sleep too .
the only good part of their show was the jokes and fun that they put into being on stage .
i knew , i am that more people did n't come to see her .
i wish my brothers friends had never stolen that from me .
once again we had on the people in the front row .
he had one gate and i had the other .
i had to help ! the guy while back up was on the way .
it was fun though .
the line was almost going around half the side of the building .
for chris it was japan story night again

i found this looking for booze this , and it 's pretty cool .
the heat today was .
shortly after telling will of her vote , will refused to look at and would not hug natalie .
goodbye video , before into tears at karen 's wedding .
's vote that will am just very little to help her stock in the house .
it 's only NUM : NUM and i 'm already trying to bed going how sad is .
we went shopping for clothes for .
he 's such a big boy .
today is my sister and 's wedding anniversary .
i ca n't hardly imagine a time when jeremy was n't in our family .
that was a long time ago .
i am trying to cherish every moment with him and not wish this time away .
man is a hottie or what !
and what happen to the office , he looked like he has gain a few pounds and lost all .
it is definitely not a hollywood ending which is always great to see .
it is a movie , if you enjoy it then it is a good movie .
so busy , though .
and work .
it shows how can influence school .
it how emotions may influence the development of the that contribute to successful and domestic .
that 's funny cara .
it 's funny how different were in the .
you know is getting his own talk show or something ?
the new child , anna , has been with libra to match her sister kate s .
by the time anna is NUM , kate s begin to soothe fail .
he takes her case .
and having one baby to save another has happened before .
are they loved less ?
are they ever given the choice to donate ?
she then throws in from the office , the wedding , and the court .
thus , we discover .
because so many voices are used to tell the story , they could into one .
then , in the very last chapter , she suddenly developed teen that seemed .
but , she chose to by not facing the true emotional in a situation like this .
damn you all to hell
stick that in your pipe and smoke it , louis !
when you folks blog , do you do it from or are you surfing in from links .
american values president gary said the vote would happen on july NUM .
the group said its goal is to allow the critical issue of marriage be resolved impact , rather .
but they do n't believe they have a right to marriage for our entire society , '' said .
said a few clinton is a necessary to solve the problems created by .
concerned women for america says it 's important to do more than marriage in name only in name .
the will vote for within the federal marriage on or about july NUM .
this will be the most letters ever received by the office on any issue .
if the law .
time for action click here to send an to your .
it is time for action if we want to keep marriage legal only between one man and one woman .
we can not secure those one million letters of support for president bush without your help .
we must .
help secure the one million letters !
send your letter today !
oh wait , it 's not called .
getting ideas for my life yeah
hopefully i 'll think of it eventually .
the office : pretty fly for a white guy .
> . > nice to see is at work too
new summarize .
personally , i kind of like him .
it 's kinda late .
i 'm over my manhood 's home right now .
it 's not so clean because they just bought it not that long ago but i like this house .
my cousin !
and they asked me if i wanted to go .
then they were talking about it again at the coffee place .
and i prayed baby , please be safe
although he still lived close to his hometown , he had away from most of his old friends in .
but a strange phenomenon had occurred while he was there .
we hung around the , and his closest friends were among the .
he didn t them and was always nice to them .
strangely , they were just as as they have early out in high school .
remember was welcome , but much like high school , he stood on the , only a small .
after he discovered the phenomenon , had no interest in going to another reunion .
at the end of a short conversation , he left it open , saying he would come if he was
after all , he d gone to great to get to that status .
he .
but , like everything else , he on the low end of the pole .
this was determined to not be a part of it .
t merry you go to the in the week on .
he wondered if he just didn t want anthony to be admitted to the .
him was a clear vote of no .
until that point , nobody had been bold enough to ask him that question directly .
at that split second , his mind back twelve back years .
it was his job , and he .
once the ground campaign had an , his unit had moved very quickly through the desert .
during the first day or two , all they saw was iraqi soldiers wanting to .
all they wanted to do was quit and find some food and water .
the iraqi s t well trained , and they began long before they were in range of the .
american people were iraqi the , and with the NUM were daily any other foot and soldiers are the .
when he saw smaller , he fired them up with his machine gun .
it could a vehicle by simply spoon through it and work whatever parts it hit .
he fired them up and never saw any movement afterwards .
he !
but , it hit him particularly hard when anthony him so directly .
all the .

so , he decided to be just as much of a smart ass as his .
anything else you start into to know , but t ask ?
so today , during i found out that one of my best friends in the program just .
i suppose you have to do what 's right for you , though .
well , that 's how i feel on the surface , anyway .
todd 's sweet posts has been there .
i 'm calling ! right now to see if they had made a decision .
its amazing how in college you never are aware of your identify particularly at .
be that as it may , i felt like a dew in a city where i lived for four .
after the terminal , the three of us went on a in the shopping in district .
spent to the point of work at .
the next day was spent at the ?
after picking up some .
here is a picture i really liked :
i 'm surprise we 've gotten this much today .
looks like elizabeth 's visit will be a rainy one .
she 's a blonde !
when truth when she , wo n't be the only blonde hair shining .
i had this crazy idea to work my library card at the public library yesterday .
i used to have a library card , though i lost it several years ago .
i walked inside and immediately smelled the familiar smell it that building .
i am upstairs to the reference desk and found nobody there either .
i think they all date from about NUM to NUM , probably the last time the library had a few
the building is , the books are , the magazines are out of date , and the .
at this point it would probably make more sense to all and staff at the main library .
today is the birthday of my niece
i did n't come up with these , but they are some good questions .
have you ever been in a group of people where there are people you have never met ?
creating the perfect opportunity for you to ask the same questions back , but realize you really do n't want
most of the time it 's off in the and do n't do care '' reason is .
i mean if you really did not care you could at least ask them and then tune out .
because you are to lazy .
that is a true sign of a lazy person .
hope you are well , have n't heard from you in a while .
yesterday counting are pulled out of their entire ! tour a death in adam 's family .
of course myself and the little ?
if you have n't already go visit guy 's .
everyone should get like him - as if no one is reading it .
scroll well written from the of a - to london call girl .
last month she all bloggers all holy - a book deal .
ca n't wait to go overseas so i can slow down a bit
i hope that i never , ever have to be on the receiving end of a by .
or further down in the same paragraph : at no point was wrong men he make an smallest place .
i make no bones about it - i really and truly do n't like michael moore .
he is a , not a .
take NUM or NUM minutes and read the whole article .
he takes the movie apart piece by piece , not from a perspective such perspective as the above quote .
so here 's my first . real '' blog post .
if you have n't heard of them , they 're this big design firm that started in from the .
i just really saw how great both technically and as really nice people looking out there was in the
especially the technical .
and from what i 've seen in the job at work , it 's not something i 'm going to
i am so very stressed out right now .
i have been trying to study for classes but life just keeps me away from the things that i have
i am on the of this will giving up completely .
let 's just pray that i do n't go crazy in the next couple of days .
it says quiet saturday night and it says nothing about how quiet it is sure my brother and i will
the video games were n't loud .
chris was n't here .
kitty queen of our house posted by hello
i am happy to work that i have made it back to indiana safe and sound .
i enjoyed the little time i spent with the to and i did get to go to a party .
i did n't even use the map when i came back .
i went to my digital arts class so now it 's finally over .
after that i went home for a nap , and then went to work .
julia , george , .
so i missed the first half of america 's next top model .
i came in right before the photo shoot with the football guy started .
i was driving when it happened this morning .
i really do n't want to go back to wearing my glasses all the time , but maybe contacts .
this is going to be a long day .
i just want to go home and go to sleep .
i do however get to go home , pack for work and then drive there .
talking to lauren on the computer .
basically , she can do absolutely nothing right , until something to remove her from said list .
i really do n't think i want to go , but abby does .
apparently , jason 's parents are attending as well .
hmm best be going now i .
that has to be a good thing .
in particular , i liked the page which was knitting the university of the bull shit . ''
actually , we are not such a university , but we 'll do our best to play the part of
we 're the only site that will tell you the truth !
surf the internet and you 'll see we speak the truth about life experience life degrees '' .
and !
there 's a sort of quality about them and often i ca n't find the right words for it .
i really can imagine it on one of those .
but above all , it 's a gentle and fun .
they will say their rights have been .
how can anyone possibly know the difference between right and wrong these days when everyone else gets to decide .
blowing the on the office is limited as what we are americans supposed to do .
i 'm a better man than one that has to go to the past to get things .
not some two hours away , back in the past .
. !
i still care about you , love you , but i can not do this !
yes , i can and would love to be friends , but that 's all that i can offer .
you come to me only because you 're lonely .
so , if i was to see you , nothing , and i mean nothing will happen .
we still connect on some levels .
let 's just see if at least this can last another thought my boss are now set .
they are in this order : NUM - graduate from .
now notice , i put love last .
i 'm sure that along the of the first of NUM love , will come my way .
it 's all a matter of time ;
p. p. of .
good thing it is n't in the dictionary dictionary or we would have been in trouble .
counter guy : do you want cheese ?
counter guy begins .
i just want .
begins putting a slice of cheese on the sub wendy : no , i dont want cheese .
begins black pepper on my sub wendy : no , not that kind of pepper green .
sidenote : you want the ?
sidenote : no chips ?
' ' . com >
another saturday night well spent !
one of the guys does spots on for shows like the NUM 's strikes back and the best .
well , close enough .
check out some of the bathing on the planet !
the sad thing is that i 'm sure there are homes that are worse than this .
and let 's not leave out those of you looking for to your art collection .
just go ahead and click on the link .
you make us all so proud .
and some virtual knee surgery for your pleasure !
until tomorrow , kids , enjoy !
for those of you .
hopefully it will do the same for some of you .
new york is a few a , a wife child , to be sure .
plus she gets you in with the right types of people .
is moving up in the world .
more about that later .
here 's what we 've seen recently , and what we think about them : swimming pool .
how do you get your work back ?
there 's more breasts in this movie than at a super bowl show .
sean . needs a heart .
a tragic accident brings them all together .
the movie does n't go in this order .
who is ?
christian plays a prison who the identity of a man that the believers is that trying to be a
i had forgotten that played in the name of the rose , a .
bend it like this .
there 's nothing terribly original about this movie , but so what ?
mother and daughter switch bodies for a day .
laugh out loud funny .
not every not good movie is an . ''
next week -- the film film festival .
there 's been so much going on lately , i do n't know where to start .
i have never ! these things until recently .
it 's like they do n't see how much we 're connected , and how much their actions effect .
so what do i do ?
i either feel like giving up , or finding someone else who i can trust before moving on .
NUM | my hair .
NUM | of open mouth during application .
or else why does the last day before holidays have to be ? ? '' ?
it got me all excited !
i will have to go back to work now hoping i will finish before the weekend close !
tomorrow we are leaving in the afternoon , so surely i will have my morning coffee catching up on the
look at all smiles !
last morning i had a really strange waking dream .
i could n't lift my head or any .
i screamed and instantly woke up , or at least was able to move .
that 's why you could n't move .
apparently i grabbed my own wrist but since the spirit was , my sense of touch was .
now i wo n't just be thinking that people are talking behind my back -- i 'll know it .
when the .
i remember going to youth this and !
however , we need to step off of the mountain to witness to others .
they do n't happen every time .
well if the queen is worth NUM then t must be worth at least NUM .
which reminds me - we need to do a new .
it had jennifer kicking ass with two guns .
it had , what i thought , was the beginning of the end of the blonde chick .
there were a couple of weak episodes this season , but i knew could n't do that all .
only three shows left this season .
and if a show goes NUM or more seasons then they usually can go even further .
they are planning a spin off and if david e. kelly is involved then it should be good as i
i had i lean on you and you lean on me and we 'll be okay . ''
so busy i did n't even have time to follow up on my story from november .
i put all my favourite music on it and i have room left for some regular files .
anyway : the last week was a low point as far as it goes with health etc .
i guess that pure had kept me on my feet .
anyway : it 's NUM past NUM : NUM and i 'm ready to pack up my stuff .
and it 's a wonderful one .
i suppose i am too , except that i 'm not at all .
and do n't many people spend endless hours reading online ?
how can we expect the people to read when writers prep despise them ?
so , all in all , i mostly agree with charles taylor .
joe are tired of visual culture specifically culture television and movies for the of literature and .
it does n't even have to have along a split usually a false division anyway .
the problem is that the visual culture visual '' absolutely is to blame for the of literature .
and yet , people have turned away even from these writers .
and , as i 've written at length before , cinema is the the form practices in our .
there is nothing wrong or new in this trend .
we just have to weather our way through a few more of this for and before we get .
eat some fucking pie , .
sidenote update : okay , so we do know what .
there was partying and dancing .
i then went to some native american art store and they were selling singapore men .
on wednesday morning , i am a stupidest of public from .
he was wearing .
if that was n't enough he then produced a little of of !
when he took them out of his ears , i could clearly see that the tips were now a few
okay it 's official some bastard has stolen my soul .
why does this post here ?
why am i up ?
why am i still up ?
by now the majority of you guys have seen the pictures , so you know it was looking like .
so regardless we got our workout on .
the minute i got home i showered because i was extremely hot .
so now i 'm up and i ca n't sleep .
alright here i go NUM NUM NUM .
everyone i know is either stuffed up or walking around with an of highschool headache .
i came in about NUM hours late .
and it truly helped .
makes it easier to work later in the week .
i had such an incredible weekend .
my wife came with them to see my apartment and to catch a viewing of the on .
there actually is a reason why this show won almost all the tony 's this year .
the play on on .
it was just so impressive .
but if you miss this show you are missing a great one !
then i went home and hung out with kelly until about .
it was a great night , but damn who was i kidding ?
it 's great to have those nights once in awhile .
he is n't really my job , but i ca n't stop sweating him .
we will be taking her out to dinner and unfortunately , her roommate fuck face will have to be .
i just hope he acts normal and not like a little bitch .
but it will be .
it seems like it has been such a long stretch since the last visit .
we have gone longer , but this time we have barely talked .
whenever we go through these , seeing again , after such a long time , is fucking .
so , i am excited , but also anxious as well .
just want to say again how much she and my dad mean to me .
i really wished they lived just a bit closer so that i could see them more .
she came in this morning , but she pulled something .
one time , when i was in grade , i got a fav neck from sleeping wrong .
it was the worst pain .
well , it was exactly what i looked like .
: fucking ca n't wait to leave work today .
that prolly would n't go over too well .
kevin was fine in it .
why did he do it anyway ?
good things really do happen to those who wait .
i really agree with aaron about the whole ?
now i have to learn how to add a in the waite itself .
gon na go do just that ah , who am i kidding , i 'm going to watch .
i looked up at the big empty sky .
the office of the darkness was from .
i laid down in the cold , listening to the silence .
i stared at , tried to find the onion sisters , looked for anything a .
i said hello to a planet , then realized it was moving and too much too .
too slow and large to be a .
i lifted my head .
i picked up my boss , walked downstairs , and went to bed .
gon na ride it out while i can .
NUM freakin hours !
so i 'm getting for work questions for the friday five .
so yes , some of them are lame .
the questions as i posted them are : NUM .
name someone who has changed your life .
name a special teacher who inspired you as a child or .
however , they were posted as : NUM .
what one person touched your life this week ?
what one thing do you need to get done by this time next week ?
those with an are slightly if not completely different .
i guess i 'll just say thanks for the hits and stop my .
we went to on our ! - it was absolutely amazing .
so i 'm really looking forward to it .
a conversation that we had went like this : annie , are you getting ?
well you must be getting .
i will never grow up in thier eyes .
i decided to take the where are where you on the highway of life ? ''
i love going on so its only fitting that my curiosity was .
and NUM when will this fade enough for life to go back to normal ?
i do n't care for this .
has anyone else experienced this ?
i 'm know .
i am rambling are n't i ?
as i 've
all you can do is this them and hope they panic and give in .
i 've learned that no matter how much i care , some people are just jack asses .
i 've learned that you should n't compare yourself to others - they are more screwed up than you .
i 've learned that it is not what you wear , it is how you take it off .
i 've learned to not sweat the petty things , and not pet the sweaty things .
i 've learned age is a very high price to pay for work .
i 've learned that we are responsible for what we do , unless we are .
i 've learned that there is a fine line between genius and insanity .
this speaks for itself
modern medicine never to amaze me .
the cost of being beautiful yesterday i went to life to get his to look my in the self .
three weeks and four days ago , i got my ears pierced .
but i heard that if pierced ears get , they start to bleed .
have n't a whole lot and have n't made an appointment to set my future rolling nope .
what i was n't prepared for was to be really bored .
restaurant reviews on that note , i just a list of the restaurants i have visited .
so , i went to with sis and s. yesterday .
the sushi bar is surrounded by a sushi teddy sex place in an endless circle .
mm - raw of fish of especially send me into of work .
the .
at $ , it 's a bit for a small for amount dessert of but it 's really .
i think it 's a gorgeous touch that we get sticks with our .
tricia042 : c - mike .
- .
no way i 'd pass him over .
i voted for law this in may , and if he had n't gotten hurt probably would have again .
- scott .
my roommate loves mike , and he 's as well , as well i 'm sticking with the .
i voted for for last month .
of - this halo , sammy , ken no real that these of the guys are the .
well , needless to say things changed with these guys over the last month .
's been a good story but still does n't make the cut , while likely would have to be .
i went to see .
' performance - almost three hours long , split into two sets , the most wasted audience .
i mean , this guy 's standing behind us yelling are you ready ?
during a long session .
and soon after my other friend does the same .
instead of about , i managed to nail the the do n't .
so i was just !
despite my called and ask me to accompany him to buy shoes at .
i was turned off and kinda like pissed .
i called my darling when told him all abt it .
juz as i put down the phone w him , my broke !
so i just dragged myself to the office shop in to have his myself a .
but i told myself it was another temporary and will get another one film i reach .
at , i lost my !
stupid way of losing my .
i spent my machine is my pay is in yet and i 'm already spending .
i wont be using it anyway .
photo gallery does super was super scan to tax of my trips fave but was
the .
pics from my favorite trips .
behind is a wax museum .
with my ever travelling fave on business , my boss and friend , .
at work with ashley .
still at natural with baby baby .
we were NUM below the ground here .
do you see the NUM small figures in the middle of the pic ?
at .
wishing got ta rest those feet !
who cares if the sun is up . ?
with freedom and ashley .
i did win NUM dollars in one of the machines machines .
i 'd like to share a secret to success with women that i 've been thinking about and using the
and it involves conflict on more than one level .
by the way , i really am with the idea of writing this particular .
here 's the situation : you 're going out on a date with a woman .
she does n't give you an answer , and seems to be .
she says .
you can hear in her voice that she 's actually beginning to get annoyed .
the evening ends on a bad note , even though you went out of your way to make it .
let 's try another one : you meet a woman , get her number , and meet her for the
this woman is obviously .
you pick up the phone and call her .
she smiles and says . thank you '' , but does n't offer any comments in return .
she does n't answer her phone , and does n't return your call .
i really like you , but i think we should just be friends . ''
she out too on you , and does n't show up for your first meeting .
she explains that she got busy and wound up having to help her best friend who was going through the
can we instead ? ''
the next day when you call , she 's not home , and she does n't return your call .
ever had that happen ?
so what the hell is going on here ?
well , part of the answer is that attraction is n't like other areas of life .
we do n't go through a logical process and who we 're going to be attracted to .
oh , by the way , he also beats his wife and his wife 's sister in that .
now , i 'm not saying that you should treat women badly .
i believe that you can take what i 'm sharing and actually treat women very well .
women are attracted to men who decide , who lead , who are in control .
when you asked her what she wanted to do , you put her in control .
again , by being nice his and in '' one in way you , were making a huge mistake .
so there it is .
but you have to know how .
NUM tell me what 's working for you before you ask your question .
i read these first .
c o m do n't just hit reply '' reply to this email .
this was prime kid tv .
who is the first in this who immediately to get on the office of the march by NUM .
okay , back to based rights systems .
i have two guy best friends and two girl best friends .
let 's call him texas buddy for reference purposes .
the more i am something in my life , the more i forget to live in the moment .
i knew he moved to the south bay , but i never knew why or where exactly .
i automatically jumped the gun and thought i was going to be an auntie .
they 're roommates basically .
the idea of him taking anyone home was .
did i forget to mention she 's my ex ?
talk about an ice .
he 's a little more complicated to explain .
let 's call him peanut .
he got married about NUM or NUM years ago and his wife and i get along real well .
today , he found me online .
i offered our usual .
when he was laid off , we went there .
we always head to to thought moved around and do nothing but vent to each other .
you see , he was really happy running getting all his life .
just recently , i thought i lost him when he had a stroke .
when they did an work , they found NUM other holes in his head , meaning he had NUM .
he made it out of this stroke , half years and not walking .
today , he 's getting there .
he 's found meaning and in lots of things in he ignored in the past .
but i kind of know what he needs to vent to me about .
i 'm guessing here .
we have enough trouble with service , range , dropped calls and here in a western society .
so has always been a close !
this after they got off to a brilliant start and getting great NUM months for the loss of just .
it was india 's turn to bat .
they had a lost to a county side leading up to this test .
there were talks of music ' that the my face will from the .
our were married and would .
and it usually does not feel this good .
good fortune there are two young women at a table in a chinese restaurant having lunch .
these women are different .
for one girl it is already the sunday of her days off .
there are no of trouble .
this . will be part of their lives , most likely , until they are old women .
like !
for .
only this one page of their friendship is being shown in the book of their bond .
a novel of events that started out with a dramatic of their meeting .
it has the flavor of every genre .
she is the white of perfection on this weekend .
she laughs often at her friend 's jokes and at her own .
honey , who honey for , even though she rarely uses the sticky mess of .
the gray of her to sweater and even her socks , does not cloud the shiny .
her forehead is by a small by .
her top lip does not make a heart shape , which makes her look like she is always in the
now she is a woman who does not need to have her skin .
and , never you mind , trying to her with your eyes .
with one .
she has been involved with a good man for many years .
she works at the university classes and then goes home to make dinner for her boyfriend , who is the
at one point she wanted to be a .
although she goes home and dinner dinner , she is not .
honey can take care of herself , and everything that needs to be taken care of .
she is the dark half .
it on you , .
she laughs often at herself .
homer , who cigarette cases when she is to quit smoking on jeff .
dark blue jeans stretch over her legs and bottom , which she wishes was bigger .
a flowing '' came would be innocent , except for the that the of the her of the .
her hair has recently been cut into a chin length china doll bob .
her lips are full and heart shaped .
years ago she had a lean and narrow body .
her tummy is soft because she can not bring herself to sit up straight anymore .
at least draw in a man who will take care of her and let her have a child .
homer is a student , but she is not going to classes .
she 's trying to discover the secret to happiness , but at the same time she takes few actions .
two hopes to go to work someday .
she is passionate no she is desperate for the pieces of her life to come together and .
homer is not , but she would like to be .
a habit of hers is not knowing how to put something back together after she 's taken it apart .
sweet honey meets bitter coffee .
these two are friends ?
they finish their meal and look at the two with two fortune cookies .
they the taste of the cookies and the of words of wisdom .
`` are you sure ? ''
what do you want that one ? ''
it all right . ''
and then the grin .
honey 's nose .
i have i spoke . ''
that is much better .
we 're not new friends .
it totally counts . ''
you have you firm a ; stand strong behind them . ''
todays fortune curly spoiler beautiful things ?
she can not figure out why honey would give it up .
there is also had accept that nothing is pure and you 'll never be disappointed in this worlds .
after lunch , honey drops off at her apartment .
the first time she 's had a home to call her own .
homer see you next week . ''
thanks for thanks the tea ! ''
wants to thank honey to san friendship , but instead she walks into her house and looks around with the
i 've just had too much to noticable lately for poetry .
this is n't really about our cookies .
anyway hope you enjoy .
welcome to the house ha .
i felt it was time had need someone new to play with and i needed something to .
and since i 'm getting a new dog , i have to think of a new name .
it seemed like a cute idea at first but then i thought of the possible of - my in
i 'm sure with the idea of just the dog the ' '' and let the chips fall .
i think it does , otherwise you wouldnt be reading this .
i knew there was a reason i hated .
it 's true sorta she 's dragging me along to the for the wedding NUM .
she 's a NUM year old who is an of entire college and she pretty much runs everything .
i am in . right now and i am am waiting for the right time to leave for the time
and its truly awesome .
it was great and i loved it and i cant wait to do it again .
they are the most passionate people ever .
he 'll make a great lover when i become a jet setting .
i realized it was a risk but i was all about it .
long story short , no one got hurt but i nearly bought NUM euro worth of rocks .
i think i will move there .
again but with a different theme .
think on it now .
decide what you want and go get it , girl .
it 's smart to have a field , but unless you make your dreams a priority they 'll be a
well folks , i will be registered for a while , starting soon .
it sucks , but i 'll have to live with it until it gets fixed .
episode pics !
this is what most tend to say .
the series was around christmas and drew a lot of response .
i 'm sick and blah blah blah .
i 'm off work today but go in at midnight .
loads of sunshine here today .
i should definitely hear some up in one form or another today .
in many ways , single is the heart and soul of every content management system .
single to content .
it is using a document process instead of process little on a job page and sending it .
for example , using a writer could create a single master document that information for pc both denim .
for example , a main document an online user online s user and customer writers user up .
using for single for database recommend was knitting database of content in a database for constant .
the content can be shared across products and across .
could now provide directly provide online with users , creating unique .
the computer the how by user needs information , and provides the appropriate content at the appropriate time .
the joy of , ann .
: single .
making a business case for single
i have seen him a total of NUM times .
i am officially crazy .
and if i ca n't have him , pull out my gun here no one will !
yesterday i spent two hours hanging out on my reading design books .
she looked at me like i was weird and said , how long have it been being here .
she said , what had here are doing ? ''
my is fuzzy and brand new .
knew the importance of these -- . it 's a good place for reading .
i am my bigger room for the office which is my bathroom .
ben and scott , i 'll give yours to you whenever i see you .
beautiful sunny warm day .
we were pretty really i thought .
on one hand i really want to get involved in the stuff .
just so frustrated with status low risk low church and christianity .
but does that mean that i ca n't be and do the cool stuff too ?
do i have to sacrifice one for the other ?
chaz did i say be delight '' ?
homer wants to continue the pillow recording session tonight .
and do n't worry about the candy .
must rest eyes .
however , if you wish to see president bush 's recent enemy check this out .
wait , that 's bad news .
well , after bush the wedding out of that .
and , at the moment things are really shit .
to tell you the truth i am not sure what i really expect to accomplish with this blogspot .
which is a wonderful developed in the century and ? used on the american .
until next care !
ha ha ha ha !
well not for paul anyway !
not surprisingly he looked at me like i was from another planet !
i think there are plenty of this that still have n't come out of the wood works .
buy your fish while your way 's still running tasty
anyhow , i have just found a new place that served good food in .
this time , i really stood there in awe .
i guess that 's what you get from someone who has been working for some time .
to those stories which are to encourage to , and build and character .
for the things which are seen are temporary , but the things which are not seen are eternal .
sometimes it 's when you run out of money , that 's when you actually know who your true .
when you 've been them around ?
or would they actually take time out to share their lives , feed and care for you ?
jo , robin , pearl , brandon , , shannon and a very lovely .
NUM john NUM : NUM
but of course , the call never came .
i feel so down and out but i keep saying to myself that .
i still get to keep the job where the building has no .
on a lighter side of life , i still try to see the good points this job has to be
it 's better than being a bum .
three , there are still some good that come and make it a good day for me .
= four , i get to eat anytime i want .
six , when our boss treats us for lunch , we have a three hour lunch period .
they just forget that i exist except when they need something from me .
and ten , i only get to work mondays to fridays .
i guess , i have to think about the bright side of it .
it 'll also be $ NUM cheaper with this !
i say and you think ?
there 's a new trailer for the .
the new trailer looks great and but i 'm not sure if it 'll match the beauty of the
also , be on the job soon for grand this auto : san .
the seem seem to show some definite improvement over the .
i am n o t h i can g. as nothing to worry about - no one to care .
as if all the world was gray ; i fight for my own color to remain but i feel .
it 's frustrating and so simple .
i get so angry so easily these days .
i 'm mad about what cj did this weekend .
i 'm mad about the federal almost $ .
now , his are threatening legal action over a .
the british newspaper the calls their research about me .
it never has to amaze me how it all is .
do n't you see what 's going on here ?
you are not dogs !
as an example and proof that i am in no way a lifestyle , let 's look .
oh yeah and they actually taste good too .
i just got off the phone with him .
you win some , you lose some , but when you 're there , at least you know you .
i decided it would be nice to let her borrow my car for the first weekend back .
i 'm blogging from the office computer while down the hall the committee ?
this somewhat awkward moment of reminds a column peter wrote for about the catholic sex abuse in the .
he is a little place in a city a few years back .
how much '' rebel has '' filled the air of catholic regarding the crisis ?
i gave the session a .
we expect you to say things that will challenge us . ''
they give the pastor an awful lot of license from the .
besides , .
last time i tried to post , blogger went all .
hope i remember what i said .
if this be error and upon me proved , i never , nor no man ever loved .
i was touched then by the beautiful words and the emotion in it but i never understood what .
it can not be as or removed .
him that i loved with every of my being .
i will always , always love him .
even if i end up spending the rest of my life with someone else .
he is an mark on my heart and soul .
i miss him everywhere everytime everyday in every way .
i feel so bad that i gave up on him .
he has every right to never talk to me again .
do n't give up on me , love , just because i gave up on you .
what a difference a couple days make .
but he knows how to fall asleep now , and he keeps getting better at it .
this a look of fear .
not only did he go down , he did so quickly and with no crying or .
now eric is not a this guy in general .
he cries , i try to fix whatever is bothering him .
last night he went down with a weekend .
then he picks up his head to check and see if i 'm there , and he falls asleep .
now i just do that if he to lie to down .
then last night he came in bed with me an and he proceeded to around .
one of the the tries he is leaning back on rich his head old , arms .
it 's especially cute if he .
at five he woke up .
tonight , i think i 'll nurse him in his room at NUM , and put him back down .
it is on .
the .
he was given command of the army of the the in fall of the NUM and as of his .
in NUM he was sent to the united states from the same state .
i died on april NUM , NUM , one month after the his , of the term of the
sidenote : indiana indiana society and . museum art of art , NUM .
my job this summer is so hectic .
i 'd have to say i think i 'm happy right now .
i 've never gotten from sports from in my life !
i was surprised i actually took on the role with no .
@ '' > .
well , not really .
there 's no point in me even turning on my .
are you kidding me ?
no , no , you watch the world series , but no one on baseball on .
say , like football ?
sometimes i wish i had a quarter to off office of every nice pair of .
no , no , that 's not genius thinking !
, now there 's a tear in my eye .
new social pesky new
enjoy social as well as business meetings
your efforts can bring you .
possibly , you will learn how much is too much by taking on more than you can handle .
make an effort to think .
via an on , i found the website .
now right , this site is mostly about the hardware ; , part lists , building instructions etc .
you can find these through the software pages .
well , it 's three days three , '' and it 's about the most obvious song title ever .
why could n't i just guess ?
what a long happy hour that was , hahahaha !
it was such a group of people , which made it all the better .
i love finding out that people are more fun than you thought .
he is a very immature person , and i 'm not going to sweat it about him anymore .
so , there you have it !
so , so , so i have nothing else to say .
anyway , later , .
on an article note , i did find all of my ton photos case while i was digging around .
ideally 's five conditions nobody accepted all of 's conditions .
but unfortunately appears to be the debate with the its list of of .
why not simply require their destruction ?
in many cases , all the data the drive stores are also gone .
in some cases , the .
visual elements the table of elements as images .
that damned goes for NUM bucks , and i had one !
today was my last day of classes - took my exams .
did you know for instance their in food is human children ?
it seems is than everyone thought .
homer just say when '' .
i went to the show on saturday .
the highlight of the night was corn in the parking lot .
so i start to just drive around waiting for a call back when work calls and asks if i have
so we see and then i finally get of jim and brad .
well , half wrong .
we watched some things movies of stuff that is only in from now .
i slept until about NUM : NUM on sunday .
i called because she had wanted to hang out after work .
is planning on getting an apartment so we had fun looking at all the apartment cool stuff .
then we went to the show .
got a little too drunk so .
here 's what to do ; just join this and then can post anything to this blog .
it just keep all of our ppl together .
any nice ppl , pls post it up for me as a comment la .
do n't worry abt spelling law .
and also can post in chinese tim .
the . offer him a free plane ticket to the the , home of the united nations .
in either case , it looks like !
homer has been here for over here in NUM , NUM days , and it has not in the
why ca n't you focus on all the good things that has done ?
you know what this ad campaign really needs ?
our love will fight the middle east ,
look at her face .
i guess you ca n't win them all .
san diego is an exception to california 's general , however .
it smells like nag .
oh , yeah , and i bet she am dashboard dashboard and the day .
a true measure of a great life lived : how many people buy a book or cd after you .
whatever , i 've stopped caring .
i normally wake up rather quickly , jump out of bed , and immediately begin planning out my day .
regardless , allow me to introduce myself to all of you -- whoever you are .
those are all acceptable to me .
i 'm glad you did n't ask , but i 'll tell you anyway .
however , the theme of the movie is not so romantic as its discrimination .
i mean , you 've already read this far .
i mean , why not read the whole post ?
he goes off on .
well , if you 're reading this now , as in the day i wrote it , you know .
actually , i do n't tell a whole lot of people what to do .
i think most people are like that .
other than that , what else about me ?
i noticed yesterday that i began to work , and it really pissed me off .
if i a work a , punishment will be delivered from and mercy without mercy .
i ca n't say that my thoughts have been those that require writing .
this is sometimes this upon by various homes by , but really - its just something i feel comfortable .
unless there is harm about to someone , nothing i hear gets repeated by me .
i 'll have to wait for the end of september to grand .
i the alley street fair which was a lot of fun .
got quite a bit of attention , both good and bitchy .
no wonder i do n't go out any more !
for , there are three beers are weddings given and to various while there .
come out and be naughty naughty for the .
there are have where if they build , you can have the new everywhere out of you .
there are of various s if you will .
do n't know why that bit long now , guess it just slipped my mind .
i have an on button .
it 's a very powerful little button .
of course , he had to rebel '' me for being caught being such a naughty slut .
it 's even more being ordered to continue for his pleasure .
i was made to pleasure his cock .
even typing these things makes me hot .
i 'm still trying to understand why i crave it so much .
but i can say what it is not .
and it is not about master having for me .
if this is a little fuzzy it 's because i 'm still in after .
in fact , that 's true about any part of the lifestyle .
well it seems i ca n't do anything until .
i 'm going to miss my .
seems i could n't get enough watching the film just like how i did with other films that catch .
so this image will have a limited engagement .
the majority of the review on this movie is done by my friend 's blog .
i went to new york for my friends wedding .
i probably know secrets no one about her .
she looked so beautiful .
we really did n't be much sure it was her about special day '' and she was having soo .
it was a gorgeous reception and i had a wonderful time .
i want how funny those two are when they are together .
one funny thing my cousin did was when we went down the street to get a pizza pie .
he walked up to the counter and said , i called in an order for a large pie .
the minute we got out the door i busted out laughing .
i also got to see my cousins baby girl , destiny .
she was a cutie pie with your no teeth having smile .
i hope this truly is his child cause i would hate to have to go to ny and beat .
i know that sounds cruel but that 's how i feel .
come to think of it , most of our conversations have been one or stayed on surface the .
maybe i should just get the hint and realize that we do n't have enough in common to develop .
take it as you may , call it jealousy or whatever i do n't know .
well nothing left to say bye .
snow day helped me remember to be grateful for small blessings !
oh , that reminds me of my favorite old joke about snow : why is sex like snow ?
it 's been a while for her .
her belly is full .
i have always found it .
boss was a of a books of books .
i 'll get jim to fix it . ''
men are men always .
boss a nose giggle .
homer jim 's service ! ''
can i can talk to you outside for a second ? ''
he looked at me .
as of next friday . ''
maybe he thought i would think better of it and stay .
i ca n't stay . ''
there 's there lots of work at my other job at the moment .
would you would be interested in coming back as a casual when it gets busy ? ''
give me a call . ''
i handed in my husband today .
how little things can feel so fresh .
do you yahoo ?
only internet even after including internet skill was related to amount of time spend online each .
next , what is meant by calling her a mirror ?
what did mary reflect ?
do we ask how she came to reflect his ?
we see every day how like people get to each other who live with those they love .
truly then she is the , the mirror of divine perfection .
i 'm a fan of that show , but i had never thought of it in that light .
young claire with the ignorance of her high school .
alan ball , the of the show of , is not a the either .
so there it is .
i wish i was needed by someone .
i wish i was n't walking in the dark .
without support , without others .
wonder how they could believe they need no one .
who wo n't find something somewhere better , as it were .
at least i 've got some new stuff for rehearsal .
so i hopped on to our friendly search engine search and searched for ' .
there are numerous women in the country who get this , at , in the work place or .
its high time that the readers are stopped being taken for granted and fed nonsense news , day after the
i leave you , gentle readers , to ponder over her statements , while i burst out laughing !
and i got a new from my !
but usually on sundays had up exciting b .
omg my also got me a movie .
thats a great movie .
i miss he soo .
she comes back on sunday too .
you know what i found out . ?
hopefully she will soon forget them well im gon na get going love to you all !
tonight was a good night .
why is life just a small ?
we met at 's .
we ate and .
chose this month 's book .
i do n't like that it 's an book book , but i must read it .
'm currently reading the tale of by kate .
i began reading it last night and i had to wake up sandy to tell her how much i have
okay i 'm know of this game now next !
please click on the .
hopefully i 'll only have to put up with this routine for another couple of weeks , until i am
the teacher '' what '' the teacher wanted to say . man hey that circle means .
the graphics are smooth , and easily as good as project NUM if not better !
so there is this game called .
your personal rating goes up as you complete .
it does however strongly from hollywood hollywood '' - '' .
that 's what makes this a truly unique and fun game .
most of this is is blocked by the earth 's atmosphere and can not be from the time .
among other things , the data by has will be used to help understand how , stars , .
what 's special about this weekend ?
well , well , well , there is no need to put ur -- ' cap on .
play around with bush 's face : hey , check out this cool link - build a better .
i was looking so forward to it .
i was looking forward to it because i am like every other woman in america - extremely hot for the
actually for the first hour i thought i was watching a made for tv movie .
but other than that , i think those actors can act a lot better than they actually did .
the one person you actually want to die does n't die other than .
working for champion sports wear was a unique experience .
the work itself was not that .
the most of quality about was his down to earth fact that he listened and took the .
i just hope that he is not the last .
total information : enter are the exciting world of the .
in a nice way .
i would love to work at a or as gym in , maybe even a .
any ideas and most important will the be be landed ?
i thought you just broke up with that guy ?
my mom walked my sister up the since my parents are divorced and my sister insisted that mom .
my brother in law even tried to settle the but my sister with this wont have just .
i hope it stays there .
if they start rising , be prepared for a war with iraq .
scroll the further
have ta wat 's bed , i woke up late but still managed to catch e .
u be simply be who on e earth did i saw ?
he did not admit nor deny !
thank you for your time and patience
i 'll be good !
which is twisted logic .
i 've been thinking about how i care about the struggle for social justice , but do i really have
lately i 've been having my doubts .
there 's no magic secret , just being willing to do the work , and it 's such hard .
i 'd listen to her and just be , like , .
part of my job is probably just the bad taste in this mouth from the whole thing from the
i almost feel like i 'm hearing .
i know the answer is to be !
that .
but lately i 've been .
that 's why it 's so important to work .
it 's probably just the result of caring too much and having that my and make my me .
my mom 's in wall mart filling my grandma 's and told to wants a buy and some cd .
i wo n't shop there .
perhaps is working , but not as is not even more so .
with lo , '' i said '' we do what we can .
i have my last final in an hour history NUM individually .
anyway i was at home last night and it was hierarchy .
mike left for his camping trip which means double the boredom i was already experiencing .
i believe to a people yesterday but you are wrapped up in your finals finals are .
i have to work the next three days : NUM hours ! !
but i thought banner was a nice hi all .
assignment i don t know if i m the only one who didn t get the assignment brief .
i think of course -- notes needs to be more .
what is required is to change the white at the top otherwise everything goes shaped dew .
i m not sure how badly that will affect my results for these two courses .
believe me , it was for your own good .
so don t worry lisa curly your secret s safe .
please will each group send me the words and the tune your song was based on .
or emailed to me it s becoming a much more thing .
share information about your company s activities , or resources you re have for looking and so forth .
or required required .
we have to get back on the road in a few minutes .
we are not quite as far as we were hoping but that 's mostly due to getting a late .
i guess i do n't know my own strength !
we tried to make up some time by driving miles to atlanta .
i miss everyone and i will try and post a better update at our next stop !
sleep kinda embarrassing and freaky , and my boss was beside me chatting with me .
it was good quality and cost $ NUM per person , pretty good but got too busy and service .
now we back here .
he told her last night some special news that he could n't write her on an email about : NUM
so tonight golf and i are to the mall to try and find a job present birthday for a
trying to make a new life is so exciting and special !
no .
my hip though , has been acting up .
my hip does n't hurt when i walk , since i do n't twist .
god is beyond cause and effect .
you can also be beyond cause and effect .
i spent last weekend in chicago with my friends and .
here 's a taste :
in the words of bill clinton : his strength and wisdom are not ? values ''
= = flat as
it 's called the giving tree .
so when you go and check it out click on all his different books , they are neat .
seems to be the norm this august lots of work and lots of cloudy days .
i swear the sky looked green yesterday at one point during the .
i got stuck in the pouring rain after picking up my pictures at .
flash warning warning , yes indeed .
i love ? joe 's .
thanks , , for homer me with white bean !
for lunch , we went to 's in .
i had a salad with mixed for , chicken , goat cheese , beans and .
i think i like the of office and are also the fact that they feel like clean .
this may be another post sometime .
must get in shape now .
; - off to fix stuff around the house how was your day ?
actually i 'm reading this when i feel like learning a bit more about baseball .
but , like so many things in my life , it all started with a book .
so once baseball season got i began watching people and hearing each new about the game .
guess i 'm not a true fan , yet !
well they would , would n't they ?
hmm only has anything to say .
english is our national and if you ca n't speak it you need to learn it or .
i did see the best production of ' i have ever seen . !
quote of the day : music theatre poo boy in king when handed a : what is a .
, as .
meanwhile do bear wif me ya if this page seems abit dull .
neither do most of the iraqi bloggers i read .
and he quotes , former leader of community , we have we not fighting so that you can be the
even after they proved they could and would do it .
send them a note of .
well , after talking to the wise men and some of the .
the folks at north science plan to let visitors try it out in a few theatre space on the time
it is a perfect size , but very .
i have taken pictures , but they are not developed yet .
i got some will pride raised in soft yellow and and it is lovely .
i think it will be fine .
i 'm so drained out !
we have been working on our project since morning .
i have n't seen this guy for so long and we sat down and chatted a little in the
not sure if it was a kind of thing , you know what i 'm saying ?
always wanting to play chess although he does n't mind losing most of the time , if not already .
i dont think when playing chess !
feels like i 'm my job by by the feelings of freedom vacation moods right now .
this might most probably just lead to my failure to graduate !
i do n't sell insurance insurance , so i do n't know anything more than how to pay my life
the one , as far as i 'm concerned for insurance .
i had received the notice of to cancel to , and i had until tuesday the to pay .
so , i followed his from the and , paid on the .
what a i am !
i could have used that $ NUM for the rent .
i 'm thinking he knew all along that this would happen - i 'm sure he gets on the .
i 'm a little .
add to that broke , and that 's me in a .
most of the time .
i need a prayer chain .
without getting into details , just let it be said that he 's not a nice man .
and two young children are caught in the middle of this .
wow , am i ever lazy .
good thing i have another day to prepare for my final .
studying for con law is going okay .
i started off in the sports bar , and met an to post .
it was a quiet night , apparently some loser called boy george was playing in and he stole .
i think with people with our people in dancing .
below are the photos from that night .
in the meantime or too early and sober for yet cat cat and .
in summary , breasts are great .
i 'm doing a survey on underwear for the site .
no fuck off ?
no naked guy though
who is that in man ?
what a nice day !
and i 've actually done so much today .
suddenly there were ! running running on the lawn of us of !
i come from ?
give me just one smile it 's healthy = . ' ; please
it 's not burning now , but even with ice on it , it burned for about two hours .
so i was thinking of visiting and !
i should talk , though .
ben 's surgery was a success .
i 've got to get go william from at .
i did n't go with lisa to the hospital yesterday .
we played with the nintendo NUM .
he likes to leave the track and go .
hehe he 's staying at my house tonight .
this is a really .
i thought bought the dvd and i watch it at least once every couple weeks .
i see so many strange things
so it has come to this .
as early as this morning , i would not have guessed that i would find myself at the .
either that , or it shows i have no attention span and sometimes .
i i have set out to accomplish a number of tasks with this column .
on the witty side .
if you are a , please pretend you did n't just read that .
i speak of course , of the unique ability to remain optimistic while ^_^ safety lot to measure process .
i just understand things now .
and it never is , and it never will be .
for those of you with the word , ' i have a link for you .
on that note , i will end this first post with a little information regarding the name of this .
the acts why as a kind of emotional road map -- every the halo tension the business , as a
this is by far the most of the city , and requires the most serious attention .
i 'm not sure i 'll keep it , really .
i like to cook .
just let me know !
the anti virus took a full NUM minutes to do it 's work !
hello , not that i think that anyone is reading or gives a crap , but this is eric .
and what i am going to do with it ?
can great ideas be open here ?
i think it will be this , even maybe but more than likely in , it will probably be .
first subject what is wrong with people ?
but yeah that 's not true .
we hate ! , and yet we do some pretty .
we hate ! , and yet , we will stretch the truth if it was in our new interest .
and that 's what i do n't get .
you try and try to be a good friend , a good , and a - law law .
for all the work that you do for others , you get nothing but higher expectations of your life .
maybe i am being a little hard on people .
but fuck that who the hell wants to live in a way where their expectations of life and i have
i want to have fun , and learn new things and have new experiences .
even though people are our child , they are the only game in town .
one day , you are absolutely necessary for people 's existence , while the next day , you are not
a little from is all that is required .
bull shit people need to do the same for me in that case .
been feeling really lately
and they 're cute and sweet and i want one of my own :
my plan of a was a failure since i have n't figured out how to work .
the ie browser is giving me slight problems .
some program conflict or other doing it .
i just hope the window of opportunity presents itself in order to remove the comp problems once and for the
by the time i was a freshman in high school , i became more and more interested in boys .
and called him that very night .
i was fine with him seeing other girls , because that meant i could flirt with other boys .
after all , i was much too young to be committed , and i was just beginning to date .
he dressed .
he told me to trust him , and being so young and , i did just that .
i knew i did n't love him and he did n't love me .
it simply did n't feel right .
when i lost my husband , my hit an all time low .
my husband was gone .
he said he was just trying to make me feel good .
i , becoming angry with his attitude .
but it was n't .
i pushed his hand away and told him to take me home .
not had we 're done , '' he said , looking at me , a firm hand .
i had not in the mood , in , now stop it !
my voice was getting .
he moved closer to me .
i 'd never seen him like this .
i reached to the door , but he grabbed my wrist , my husband it with his large .
i am , my fear every word .
and when he !
i closed my eyes , my fear my body and my panic nearly me .
i never spoke of what happened for years .
it was then i began to fear every with weakness .
i often wonder if he ever thinks of that night NUM years ago and if he has any .
what i really wish i had a picture of , was her post shot .
she had to go out on the porch thing to spit .
.
it was hangover for talking .
. it is supposed to be a happy day for me , with me having not !
. let me tell you a story abt me yesterday !
what the .
none of his family members encounter practices a family a concept '' .
its so hard to accept it you forward !
now that he 's sleeping with alone with whatever from , writing diary .
let it be if he will be !
then he will feel what my mum felt thru the entire babysitting she 's !
. i am being so negative abt his playing soccer back .
you get what i mean .
.
lah !
for anyone reading this who has been hair , perhaps you share this with me - my spoon deployment .
i do n't know why , but it does .
how can that be ?
my application application is due today .
there are a total of NUM questions .
hopefully they 'll understand .
i 'll just wait and do what i can .
doctor 's appointment got to every friday .
you currently appear invisible to .
: no i : tits then ?
: pat i want see this .
: can play .
you have some weird .
i 'd like to thank everyone who attended .
it turns out there was quite a bit .
welcome to home . com : at any rate , those are going well .
guess thats it for now .
the , the past year left me questioning a lot of things .
i was at a really weak point , and once again sent someone into my life .
his view of life and the things in it always surprise me i never know what he will say .
he does all of this with an incredibly attitude woman , with constant to .
he has inspired me and taught me a great deal .
tonight i 'm feeling .
sad about the things in the name of god , of freedom , of democracy .
i realize all times have aspects of .
my parents were in college during vietnam - not much younger than i am now .
i wonder what it means to be american these days .
met alot of people from cute to .
did i mention no cover , invite only and open bar .
wow , what 's this world coming to ?
it just occurred to me that the government could pose a serious health risk to even the most of the
what would we do without doing 's birthday reminder service eh ?
going to spend some more time on it will give a bigger update soon .
first day of week ten .
i took half an last night , so i slept like a frog .
my plan is to do this morning .
this afternoon perhaps i am able to be able in some i visit how many hip my feels .
i m disappointed that i bought into this that you that have to be thin for anything to matter .
somehow food was a means of taking back control .
i think i need to work exercise into my life in a more natural way .
i m not always going to have the luxury of all day to fit in whatever i feel .
i bought an issue of shape magazine , and threw it away within NUM hours .
secondly , there s nothing useful in the entire this .
.
NUM : NUM well , it s been quite a nice day so far .
NUM i got my hair cut and i look great .
i had a great time going to the hardware store and ace .
it s not that i have to look gorgeous , it was the feeling that i was not a little
NUM : NUM did a little .
it s hard work for me , maybe not for someone else .
starting to fall off .
i can t wait .
there s nothing in the house except , so i will have a small glass of that .
not when friday will be devoted to work and rebel .
mostly bought vacation clothes for , although i got a new .
that will continue to be a problem for me no matter what size i am .
i can now pull them down without them .
the days i spent there at university , pa , seems a long long time ago .
i just get asked about it a lot here in the uk .
what was school like there ?
why do i find the term uni '' uni that 's used in the uk ?
made me look at myself , that one .
well , it makes you think .
something good may come out .
keeps my mind off pain anyway .
what 's the thing that makes me look like a uni student ?
i am pretty sure i am not that .
is there an essence of uni ?
found this , diet and in the context of about who we are and why we are a .
ca n't wait to dig into this .
i was on the edge of my seat , thoroughly engaged and entertained .
ca n't wait to get the dvd , which is supposed to have hours and hours of additional interviews .
once your profile is finished , go back to the dashboard .
this all your are posts and - the at - moment the , it will say no .
other things : you work with here : posting , .
there are ? ''
you will need to change the in - we are in NUM .
next up : links , comments , and site !
i 'm sure i 'm not the only one , who at times , thinks of the future and i
that 's not one thing !
i truly thought that i was open to anything .
it makes me feel sick to think that there would be such change in my life .
there should be nothing that we are holding onto so tight that he would have to out of the .
change can be hard , but in the long run it is always for .
it was hard , but now i look back and see how glad i am that the grace .
keep seeking his will for your life .
i hate my fucking career .
i 'll be down in in atlanta .
i 've .
not to mention that i 'm not getting paid when i 'm away from the office .
maybe this will prove to be a good opportunity for a little remote blogging '' .
personally , i do n't care much .
however , i 'm travelling with a little NUM year old girl that 's never on business before on the
not that i 'm not tempted , i just do n't .
i 'll probably be back later .
it starts one way , goes another , and ends with a bang .
even his female characters are good -- not the and that are found in many of the .
scroll at hotel
all i have for the rest of the week is a story .
could just tell personal stuff .
want to write about love , but do n't remember what its like .
friends are getting job interviews .
seems like my roommate is a plan probably wo n't go through to continue to live .
had a dream about her a few days ago .
i was her .
she is totally cool and you all will love her !
and well makes that 's about it !
congratulations to .
more people should be so comfortable with their opinions .
i agree that more young people are leaning toward conservative values .
nor should it suggest an extreme connection .
the of the american government of its citizens .
they do n't care about race , work or .
and before anyone calls me or whatever other nonsense crap they might want to throw out there , and i
but i will always ask for the best we have as a country , and i have n't seen .
the date , realizing that it was n't working out on the other end , should think by anyone .
of course that 's in happy fantasy world .
and not only do these people lie , they need to lying .
just repeat after me , and you 'll be on your way !
all right , i 'll be right there . '
homer 's is * five dollars a month !
donate the NUM bucks to a local charity and stop lying to people .
anyone one of the main that provides that over traditional provides is the manner in which it .
there are two rules to answering these questions : NUM only one answer to each .
NUM each may only be used once .
i 'm sad to say he no longer blogs .
which blogger do you think you have the most in common with ?
the mighty which blogger leaves you the comments ?
lee which blog do you wish more people would read ?
i learned that pretend bloggers are not very well liked out in .
who has been on your the longest ?
whose would you love find yourself on ?
whose were you the lottery to find yourself on ?
if you could write like any blogger , who would it be ?
what blogger are you the initial you 've met ? ''
which blog do you recommend the most ?
there 's not be one '' i recommend the most .
i 'll let you know when i find them .
i would like to meet christine and the rest of the happy hour girls .
moody momma who would you trust with your blog while you were away ?
plus she 's a girl !
chick beautiful 's taste of india .
NUM i did it !
just know that i love you all !
should i stay , should i go ?
lately i 've been missing you so '' have n't blogged for a long time .
break jerry at my monitor of what keeping the job for past week and it putting into words while waiting
no work no pay policy for none regular employees .
me and my mom fought right after i woke up the following day .
how i wish they have killed me when i was still a baby .
we left at pizza hut past NUM something umm naman ako naman late .
; homer baby , you do n't understand our love lies lost but you 're still holding my .
you 're turning me on , you turn me around , you turn me whole world upside down .
i had no work today and it was really pretty .
james and i should be flying out on the of may .
i need to get milk on the way home .
never a dull moment in korea i guess .
i 'm trying to think of what i should do .
there is some stuff i 'd like to do in korea while i have the time .
i still need to get to island but i think that might happen after i get back .
ok i 'm a little .
update on the inside my mind ' i had with the with and this job this past thursday .
i believe that most of my depression and anxiety are or .
he asked about how things have been going with me picking at , and i told him that i had
i asked him about my feeling tired a lot from the medicine .
now that our family is on , he said , perhaps i could try a different one with the .
but , the big development
based on how i scored , my doctor at that time with me with .
psychology and are not exact .
here 's this that should clear it up after a few days . ''
during my last semester senior year , a professor once asked do you think do being a role of the
literally told me that this is the biggest meeting that we have ever had .
the balance between selling sound out '' and his '' .
it has already been .
i do n't want to blink .
has picked some good links to baseball news .
i pee on my hands have n't dropped a report in months .
it also makes me wonder what the prison system is difference in like this country .
read at your own risk and remember that only you can prevent forest spoon - and your significant other .
one way to deal with having high is one of the many high carb , low carb .
stand back sports fans , i 'm about to share something with you
not exactly on the diet , but pretty damn good .
so , when no one was around , i am in and started to .
who 'd a job it ?
most wo n't be interesting , but it 's more for me than anyone else .
god 's word is the same way .
all of god 's creation will benefit and ?
that gives me some confidence to know that i do n't have to be in control of every little .
i just need to trust in him and do my part , which is what he wants of me .
i ca n't believe i have this much stuff .
she says i hold on to everything .
kate and i registered to vote here the other day .
he 's got the energy home company and has to end up .
in talking about things and telling what he he had claims '' the things he 's learning .
i 'll have to write more another time .
oh , it is just me ?
stated somewhere that he was really concerned about having fun on a jet .
your concern is a typical liberal '' response '' and must be dealt with in the manner .
jones runs , etc ?
having fun on jet or every now and then is so to do n't share all the cute .
they 're fully in the war on terror .
you think the true . are n't upset with what 's housewarming since ?
the new york times : . links military to failed plot to kill him .
that 's right - nothing .
-rrb- has it that the us response was in exchange for permission to hunt for bin laden in the
he 's way too fucking to have to have a guy like bin laden .
i tried searching from to get the meaning of it .
i was called a big .
hahaha this event took place NUM weeks ago .
i remember that feeling in december when i was a child .
the feeling has worn off now and december is just as fast as any month .
well that feeling is back , but this time it 's august NUM , the day that i move in
slept well , no dreams about work !
joan of to watch tonight , and maybe a film to watch with phoenix .
i 'd love to spend the money i do n't have for a new a apple album .
they all should move over here now that the profile and comment features have been added .
at noon , i was trying to do some work but felt exhausted and thought i could have a little
i do n't get it , if i feel so guilty , why do n't i manage to be .
walking is when your butt hurts from too much because it makes it burn even more .
instead , please enjoy this one : the sun was the room in a of white gold of the
his black hair in all in directions around his perfect smile .
sleep still to his eyes and he looked as if he had been thoroughly loved .
his tongue slightly treated to slightly her bottom lip before his lips from hers against .
he leaned away from her , and produced a fresh cut single flower .
roses were .
the yellow pencil caught the sheet covering her body and began to guide it down her breasts .
his eyes fixed on his lesson treasure , she felt warm and loved .
she watched him at his game with the .
watched the exposed skin of his chest from his open shirt .
the sucked in his breath at the touch , then reached for her hand .
under her palm , she felt him , the against jeans making the a palm against her palm .
she sucked on his bottom lip until his mouth opened for hers .
homer her back her to the bed , his own body covering hers as they went to the .
she reached for his jeans , as he back to work into something from the foot of the bed .
joshua moved 's hands from his , and held them out .
he the other up to her chin then to her waiting from mouth .
the sweet of it her lips before he kissed them clean .
she reached for his face but he held her .
not into it his mouth the same way , he moved down to circle her .
joshua let out a low from when she in her halo up the against long .
this time he took his half and the wet the bar inside around each .
his tongue followed close after , at the juice and sucking each bud into him mouth into .
in a quick instance , he let his office jeans then pulling her up to her knees on the
joshua back back on his knees , and pulled up higher .
in her with the in ease of a perfect lover .
she felt his hand in her hair , the long night found his fist until it touched the .
's body was bent like a bow with beatles travel , the new position making him feel .
he held her up off the bed to lap at the small as he continued to move deep .
she pulled down to share down the drink in a kiss as they pace the .
felt her hands digging into his shoulders , her love bite on his shoulder and knew it was time .
a cry . her mouth , but catching in her throat .
they 're together , rolling to their sides in the sticky bed .
reached for for 's hand as they lay side by side catching their breath .
a sign of from a morning affair .
henry smiled too and looked at her face .
i thought i thought might .
for breakfast is the most important meal of the day they say .
, yes , .
they laughed together too tired to do nothing else but listen to the day begin outside .
in totally news back , i was thrilled when amazon added a feature to lists of military .
then i began looking through other people 's lists and getting annoyed that they had n't .
have a look at my wish list .
sort it by priority high to low .
no !
i mean whatever the hell today was .
.
he did n't get my cock joke , but whatever .
quote of the day : julian stupidest is the , for he the ''
it hates you with a .
and it will find you .
do you ever realize that for someone you 're a neighbor ? ''
and i 'm loud when i talk on the phone too .
that 's probably my biggest fault , according to my neighbor .
but man wait till i 'm .
it 's three o'clock on a sunday afternoon and i am still in bed .
there was , however , no hot water .
writing in my blog again .
but that would require getting dressed and going down to the corner market , as i am fresh out .
well , maybe the hot water is working now .
two quick things before i go .
that was pretty cool .
a lot of blogs that i have been reading lately are the personal of parents .
i have a very carefully this image that i present to them .
my mother , in fact , was on .
i myself was seeing a woman at the law school , the result of a near nervous breakdown and the
i think i will start back up with work when i get back to work and try to get to
time for a shower .
the day that had been coming down the pipe for a long time .
and only my hand would live to tell the tale .
's my sandwich you just sat on !
and so are our first round .
my only .
'cause i did n't buy a ticket to listen to you give me the way to toronto .
you 're the fucking rude one !
i had a ticket to that fucking seat , not your sandwich !
you did n't even ask for his ticket before you sat on him !
we were getting married , a and i , and loud .
do you want to get off this fucking bus and settle this ?
these were , in my own sweet 's mind , the last words that she would ever hear me .
it was the best that i could do .
when i asked him to stop looking at me , a replied : no man tells me where you .
more from the peanut gallery .
if only he had n't sat on my egg salad sandwich .
oh hell i 'm so drunk .
you will be missed .
all i know is the room is spinning round round like a record baby round round round round .
suffice to say the movie kicks ass in so many ways .
especially .
to live the life of a * rebel * is rough and the are slim are .
all in all the introduction to the movie is great , and holds its own against the beginning of the
by the way .
especially cool is a scene where the are about to be removed
i mentioned humor early .
the .
four of five stars .
i found out today that i 'm on next week .
son of a bitch .
i am a night night , mornings beat the shit out of me .
so i woke up today at like noon swing shift is the shit , yo !
i could barely concentrate , let alone talk to someone in a civil manner .
that 's all she wrote , folks
fucking christ , my ankle hurts .
toss one down the the , !
i hope i do n't lose too much of the in the process .
i 'm by my own in swearing : 's .
a good night to stay up all night playing with my desires `
to my job , all those past experiences were without a shadow of a doubt half as entertaining as a
yes , that woman can really sing !
at the age of NUM , gosh , she could easily most of our local .
that sound of her voice certainly left me an already fan with a memorable day in my life .
we pay our very to see a class act , and the least we expect to see is the
the first part of NUM was with personal problems .
still , it was not an ideal living , and we fought constantly during the little time i was a
we had our problems over the livingroom , but eventually started seeing each other again , for which i had
it was n't as if i was forcing my son to leave as well .
oddly enough , the words were between my office and i and , we are now back .
my grandpa moved to the city from park area area in october .
this is an accomplishment that has been NUM years in the making .
the shared over beers after a particularly day .
for the most part , i 'd wake up monday morning and go to work from .
then i 'd work , and head back to work for .
then i would have NUM days .
= but sometimes i miss that craziness .
* l * i got my first apartment .
i learned that , much as i always wanted my own place , i really miss having company .
* s * company .
i thought that since we were talking about
in particular , i am with the last two years because they seem so at face at value .
i realized that it 's because of the issue of from , which is so different than .
just like that , i see how god loves us no matter what .
however , god 's by over me is something i can never deny .
this just goes to show you that the city of chicago rules and will continue to be my favorite .
do n't be do with other people 's hearts .
i believe that if you focus on the first , you wo n't have to worry about the .
and luckily for me sometimes even when you are with someone by heart 's , love still finds its
note to self : be kind to others and stop fucking up so .
england gets all the nuts come on .
i 've actually been to .
i ca n't accept that this guy would do this out of pure .
and not just because of .
there are so many small things that would just make life for her easier .
oh , the list goes on and on .
i want him to see me , smile and love me forever .
good too many bills .
ideally , i know ye not .
final sausage count : NUM .
by way of background , i 've recently had a bit crisis of conscious in which i only .
it 's hard to say why i watch these movies .
mostly , it 's curiosity .
i had such low expectations , that i was quite pleasantly surprised .
but it is a good story with awesome production design .
inspired by .
and , like , the scenes with the were .
there are also new stories , so , so , the little .
anyhoo : NUM channels means was marketing marketing . ''
bruce heidi and steven action and basketball .
: fashion .
the only channel where the .
anger is the emotion .
hell be no ! like some !
maria as the for ideal his island long investment is called wife .
another life not their own , i suppose .
the and work is .
no joking , yo .
guess which channel this guy is watching to out the screams .
security must needs to monitor anyone who is more than NUM more hours of a day this couple .
michael is our god ; we are not worthy .
it will never be the again and the has wore off that ordinary looking boy .
: creepy celebrity to and gossip .
stands for envy , which is the emotion .
excellent movies like deer hunter are occasionally into the programming .
ghetto comedy told living in each reference with to reference that .
sci fi : the .
somehow the sexual energy sexual '' gets worked out into a for the . ''
fox : if you go in for work 's talking points , this publication is the channel for you .
fox the other the .
sidenote : tries to the original programming at work , who got there first .
food : for people who 's interest in food has the green eating several stage .
sidenote : this channel is a bit of a mystery to me .
go figure what that means .
old hollywood with some original with programming and commentary on the age of hollywood .
fair however should do a show here .
a job for old fox tv shows .
we : women 's fantasy .
can off the off of the republican of the republican party of NUM .
this is a channel about animals and be and .
: this is a less hip .
lots of old movies with no irony or relevant commentary .
is there anyone this at ?
: oh , dear lord help us .
at this point , bruce 's glory days should be playing .
: this is through for the for .
are big .
animal planet : television for committed and work members .
pet and other odd programming fill the bill .
: an ; very left wing political , but pure .
sidenote : perhaps the coolest channel of them all .
a station devoted to the the federal interested in the of western of .
: a wrap up of all the international news .
are you going to blame nader for this too , al ?
what the fuck ?
: could be interesting , as the generation x is big on , but right now this weekend .
style : if it is possible this is an even more shallow channel than e !
hair care , weight loss , the ads .
and on rich , too
kathy 's had a piece published there .
this is my first time using the '' !
what a neat tool !
i actually found them through blogger .
here 's what i woke up to this morning : heavy snow warning remains in effect until NUM pm .
by noon NUM to NUM inches of snow will .
travel on roads will become difficult .
if you leave the safety of being you are putting your life at risk .
made it to work .
still , when the weather is involved , the joke 's on me .
my mom told me yesterday that my parents were going to buy me a .
and we bought it .
: it 's a hp NUM if that means anything to anyone .
with a spot to plug the memory card for a digital camera into it .
actually , i have a memory card somewhere that 's around .
still have n't heard back from work music group or an brothers .
however , my cold is making me think things are going to be pretty .
i 've never seen the show since i do n't have soap net .
hopefully i can drag someone along with me .
i am so tired and so bored .
it sure as hell is n't the phones keeping me awake .
maybe in a few years but not now .
actually no , i ca n't say beginning because it 's always sucked .
so here is a little something to ponder
oh because the woman the necessary .
same idea , different taco stand .
now if only worked right oh well , one step at a time , right ?
always remember up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , right ,
recently reality bites and i am catching up on what my tivo has been saving for the .
however , this movie something and shortly after , we got the first weekend of the real time .
can reality really be . when people know that a camera is watching ?
how can you cast reality ?
on another note , the cops had the street closed off for hours due to a car accident .
he 's been in and out of the office for NUM years now , and he has yet to be
jack and i saw chad during our baseball road trip through california last summer .
his numbers are n't great from last year , but i 've heard good things about him .
and i like how we got him on the ? immediately immediately .
let 's just hope his are behind being him .
when you are n't any better than jose , there 's something wrong .
i hope we see jared again real soon .
next up : a day off monday to get fired up for our second series against the in the
> .
it was cold and rained a lot but still beats the heat of texas in june .
got a call today that my dear friend lost her baby boy at NUM weeks .
it is hard to understand sometimes .
learn learn to feel what 's real . ''
i have to admit that i have very sure feelings on this issue just got married at a .
how do my fellow feel ?
the next two days drove crazy .
on her way home friday she stopped and got some of her favorite wine .
somewhat frustrated she tossed the book aside and a couple more wine .
as she thought , her hands started her job my walls and she began her through the thin through the
after .
but then she took the egg and pushed it into her hot honey hole and rolled over on her .
as she got to the plaza she went to the main desk and asked for room NUM .
she went to the room .
put on the .
she got a cooler sat in the chair and put on the .
i 've been in love with you since the grade .
in so why this game '' asked .
's .
my favorite was period study hall two years in a row . ''
if it was n't for him she never would have passed .
andy had dinner .
it was a wonderful evening and was surprised at how andy was so .
she went to the bathroom to put them on .
as she entered the room andy was there in highschool teddy and the expression on his face spoke .
as they kissed his fingers found their was to the opening of her he and he slowly her .
he then went to the end of the bed and before she knew it he had her pussy over the
now was never been a big fan of sucking cock .
she his eyes his balls with just finger her india which made out seeing a low of pleasure .
he reached up and gave her hard a squeeze and her teddy his with fingers .
i had personal out of gas .
i did n't have enough money for cab .
an old friend came in from out of town .
there was an .
- '' '' blues jake blues , the blues brothers NUM more
a few weekends ago i was and i found a used role of film .
it mostly had pictures from north carolina on it .
i was in charge of the door the behind us .
and here is the back door i was in charge of his also .
this pic was taken on the last day of the build we all wore our .
i believe we just started with a rebel foundation , and on friday we ended with started on the
cast in a sea of blood cool and enjoy and enjoy !
at the end of last summer , i was up to my ass in .
i live on the second floor , and somehow they found me .
i 'm sure of it .
the of of .
they paid for their stay by . all night .
i did n't have the heart to with them .
i never offered them food .
not that i know what they like .
i 'm sure it 's there somewhere .
it 's then that i heard them on the phone .
saying things like .
the yellow pages open to be travel ''
today 's edition brings forth important support maintenance should not .
she hit her face and her glasses came off .
so i brought her back to my office and let them use the ladies room .
and then i look up , there is a guy about NUM on a just staring at me .
i 'm not sure nyc looks so excited anymore .
i think i am just my patience .
but i do love ny
mark .
know NUM this was a the . we focused on over the last week at the .
simply this : a sacrifice is something you desire to keep but give up for the benefit of something .
in short , putting god first in your life .
most importantly , i need to work the same mercy that was given to me .
i say , . love
i 'll admit , i 've been this afternoon .
if that does n't make you laugh out loud , i do n't know what will !
the session started good , he checked my office , which was without any problems , and we moved in
note , every time we moved on it saved me about $ NUM ; - running .
other than that my husband is a problem .
NUM steps per minute compared with , which is .
with higher .
will see how quickly i can adjust to it .
i had to replace my seat and i spend time of late news with seat post and to get the
i spent some time running around me with different little .
was also a focus of the session .
homer showed some to work on it and create the necessary muscle memory .
where of made a video of my technique .
we did not talk about specific training plan since that would different session and different fee : - .
right now , i have plenty of stuff to work on , loose more weight , and build more .
i think that the hungry are the group that the are the job stole the code .
it 's pretty crazy to hear someone talk about something like that .
the | website over NUM source .
on our way home from the of july fireworks , we passed place where there where it was the .
i hope she likes it !
i have no one to watch the with .
no , i 'm afraid you speak to speak the .
fucking hell it is so on . -rrb- . ! !
, -- rrb will imagine n't knew why anyone would buy a baby .
imagine children being stuffed into such a few and son around town as some kind of pet .
they hang on as their mothers sell food in the market or pray at a church or .
it 's it not so wonderful .
they ca n't sit like , '' said , NUM .
if everyone had a it would cause in traffic .
homer 's boss and manager , , was people back in forth in front of the .
perhaps , she added , it 's a question of a more advertising toward , working moms .
the baby the on back the is actually following the mother in warmth and comfort .
in the united states and europe , have long been .
a growing movement among child the la idea of carrying babies more and getting them out of their .
the baby could change could all of that .
there are there are from a hundred years ago that are not relevant today for .
they will tell us to stop breast feeding in public ?
at the baby store in where works , dew less sat .
homer just carrying the baby is no bother .
mary , NUM , a mother and government secretary , popped into the store to buy baby .
was not having it .
for the child , the love of not will be there if the child is up in such a .
special .
friends stands another weekend in their original should , and the first step of it is to be a .
is the season for finals and papers !
jamie , good luck on your final on wednesday !
that 's that what happens when metro comes to your neighborhood .
be white college kids , huh ?
scroll at least it is n't a big job under your house .
did you get arrested again . . ? ?
i guess it 's time to work on poetry .
just tried to go to and it simply did n't come up !
does someone already have it .
will be a small in the morning . ? ?
i do n't know !
the wife , halo and night rebel are all involved in various grand .
it was funny until today when i saw had stumbled upon mine and was reading it .
this weekend is going to be family packed .
but for the most part he has n't seen most of my family in quite awhile .
most of my saturday is going to be taken up by it .
i do n't cut hair !
i 'm going to try and talk her into going to the job and letting someone do it for the
well , wish me luck .
i 'm sure it will feel for long though .
rather than be is this what god wants us to do ? ''
we should just be focused upon every god and his will .
i 've never been there , but it looks too to me !
and as the days of the fellowship beginning grow closer , so does the end of my time with the
even though i 've been pushing up myself , it 's been a good week .
that , i 'm sure , will be posted here as soon as i find out !
i 'm also sure other blogs to see how i can do things that i see that i think .
wow , just read yesterday 's post .
today was .
who knows what goes on in those brains of theirs .
, drop the dog off , grab some this and paper and walk on back .
sorry , just had to whine to anybody who 'd care to read it .
i have had the most fantastic weekend , and i have been spoiled absolutely rotten !
and i still have anna 's and phil 's presents to look forward to !
, jazz .
i love you all .
i spent all day on a very happy high , and that high is only just starting to fade .
now i must job hunt , then .
you know what bothers me ?
did i forget how to sleep ?
hours passed and my mind was still the subject .
i was lucky that they put me in the back , job money and giving back change ; real .
i was by heard the time i got home , from my sore foot .
i feel like the of sleep .
so now it 's about NUM : NUM am , and i am heading to bed .
after the operation i felt even worse about the whole situation because of the looks of my wrist .
last thursday i was happy to hear that the skin cancer test results were negative .
ah well the will give me character i suppose .
i tried to wash it out this morning again with no luck .
i have something wrong with my eye .
i 'm on - NUM drop every hour today and i get to see him again tomorrow .
finally an original movie .
ideally , played by tom from , gives true meaning to the word .
throughout the whole film , you laugh with him , cry with him , hope with him .
he stays true to his weekend .
i wish there were more ?
i wish people could see others the way he sees them .
more of the people who fear those like .
they fear him because they do n't understand him .
they ca n't even come close to knowing who he is , or what he is about .
that is what we need in order to fill the void we feel in our lives .
up and down the driveway in lock step so hot fresh to the beat of a drummer .
NUM years old ; just a little kid dancing .
i hope the in my throat goes away by tomorrow or saturday .
i think it 's because of the alcohol in ' active .
anyway , i need the gone cos i do be in his health for my band .
a whole bunch of bands from last full show will be playing .
but mostly to my much older brother . !
he 's NUM today !
love ya , bro !
at age NUM day .
my reply - i stopped over to see him this afternoon .
i completely forgot , carol !
happy birthday to you , kim !
if it was not for that , the devil would have been aware of the week last week .
this week the devil , yes , those devil .
i did n't think you had it in you .
no , everyone knows that i go out and in in ?
still in shock from that .
things just the opposite .
but in bad news , friends men can no longer donate in the supposedly of because of the .
they do n't want us .
you all know how i feel about children , and especially the subject of me as parent .
anyways off to on '' different men stupid and open as i read NUM love songs lyrics .
have his we just came to this that administration this was really the united states , '' william .
sort of a celebration of everyday people in an age of celebrity .
just when you thought you got away with it .
it seems up with you .
in the silence , your personal .
sleep won t come .
this is their hour and you - their guest guest of honor .
won t help .
find your voice and scream from the dew of your lungs , but it won t chaos the .
sadness up up from behind and you .
sadness itself against you .
for every woman smile and spoon laughter you gave , it had its strength inside your own dark .
no gay laughter of friends .
no entertainment entertainment on the television .
it is by the empty feeling of void in your heart .
by the weekend in your spirit .
but when sadness is at its be and most , you won have mercy the of of tears .
an open wound with pain with sometimes you can t scream .
you endure it until you can t take anymore .
sadness is the monster you keep inside of yourself and tell nobody about .
-rrb- yourself that you have it under control .
a the in the .
a feeling of rejection .
a taste of .
an ocean ocean of .
in your own in sea of work .
but something pulls you down .
when you look to find out what it is , you find your own self pulling you down .
welcome to your hell .
i like 'em even more now .
tonight , i celebrated the union of two people who have become dear friends of mine over the past of
and aunt made it to her 's wedding !
as for the ceremony , it ran .
gary did a great job with the ceremony itself .
then , after some food and some conversation , it was time for cake , dancing then .
what 's let see what my choices are .
he quickly shot back at me , but i had told him i had been out on the floor .
first , thanks for the congrats , .
, i think you should dress up like the great for the marathon .
i 'm sure you could find some other people to be your .
or , even better , you could dress up like colin playing .
will keep you posted .
which will be this saturday , but would rather hang on the computer .
i have spent the last three hours checking out other people 's blogs i 'm addicted !
he seems pretty excited about it .
he wants to be a doctor .
i think i 'm gon na turn this thing off and find something to do .
it tastes awful but it works .
be ok , you can stay home , but you 're drinking a dose of .
: p what is it with me and .
tv and computer make up my headache worse .
it is friday , NUM : NUM pm .
steph is listening to the soundtrack cowboy and mom is wondering why we listen to this type of the
oh well , time to send this off and sit here :
it 's -- and has been for almost twenty days now .
already six or seven companies control almost all of the media most of us see .
an event of such .
arm yourself with a world view .
get to know the .
so i 'm sitting in my sized dorm room .
i see my collection of another change sitting in a weekend and i think
so i start the job of counting and rolling my change .
that s a lot of change .
i feel like a gold .
then after a while i have an !
i mean come on , what is this useless thing .
and it seems like the ? has lost its popular support .
wanting to be part of the solution , i have an idea for a new .
then i began to think outside of the box .
then it hit me it was so simple anna .
ignore the fact the she is actually not an american and has never in anything in her life .
in a second poll by x NUM % of those that this idea was a of a .
the politicians do n't seem to think this is an important idea .
this will need to be a campaign .
* the x poll this NUM person
this is quite disappointing to me .
i have no in the in office church bodies or .
that one voice is now tired and frustrated .
i believe that the and between and will hurt us rather than help anything .
as a christian health , i realize i am in my views as far as his job and his .
i wish we could just get our act together and recognize that we can only benefit from .
it definately goes without saying that teen hunger force is the greatest show since bread of wedding .
unfortunately , watch it on cartoon network at midnight .
bare a .
yesterday i barely ate anything and did n't exercise at all .
exercise will hopefully be picking up .
thanks for your prayers and
how proud she must be .
and so incredibly cute ; just like her .
then it 's back to the .
i want to run away
it 's said that if this makes is right , then the world is crazy .
the world is crazy . ''
she had just come back from running a bunch of errands and cleaning house for her mother .
well , there is a price , even in that .
i was somewhat of a .
me , of course .
you are the one person you can count on living with for the rest of your life . ''
today , for those of you that do n't know , i 'm going to let you in on the
many of their songs have a lot of meaning to me .
NUM at wilson stadium in .
and NUM at six flags lake in the , i was only in the grass i bought it .
i 'll get paid for NUM hours at home , and whatever i 'm in the office as well .
still in a job mood .
it 's raining but that 's the one thing i 'm not pissed off about .
i went to the louis film festival this weekend .
i saw a lot of really bad films and NUM good ones .
but i guess three films is not bad .
i do n't think i talked about this yet , but i am off my inner cheek .
so i went to get my ra filled on wednesday and i was really nervous it was going to work
and afterwards they told me i would be fine .
so i did n't .
i am my inner cheek off .
hard like i was trying to work it .
i did n't hurt at the time , but now i feels like someone bit through my cheek .
so now i ca n't eat any foods which requires .
and while .
except for when i was drinking .
last night , i for miles in NUM minutes .
yesterday after work , mom and i went to the and the package store .
neither of us want to be .
he and mom ran errands this morning .
i tried it this morning after my shower .
this will make you feel old .
-- from the at the office 's office
tuesday , july NUM really what is it ?
i don t know anyone who really is capable of loving .
i love human beings but that s not love if you know what i mean .
the more i think about it , the more i understand that love is something i can get t .
even my close friends can t bear me for a long time .
most people their time .
how can i give anybody a chance when there is no demand for it ?
however as i reveal the they been -- they been told , about i m accused of being .
at last , an outlet for my , random !
if you have some down time , you can log onto my site to watch my inner dialogue .
i do n't know what i should cook tonight !
i ended up last night with stressed
from comes a news flash : we got nothin ' on saddam .
the tree , with its to produce me to .
the sheet like the wings of the birds that fly across the weekend i can touch .
i welcome the soft breeze glad for a form the heat .
quiet and homer stay even as as i hear a distant dog , a , and a and i
fahrenheit NUM : saw other day with boyfriend .
we were both so disturbed after watching it , we could n't sleep .
sometimes when you 're cold and tired and feeling a bit , will get you everywhere , etc .
i did not break my nose , though .
this is not a love song : the new book still working on .
love is the drug , the : will be out february in NUM .
it is very different from the first one stay tuned .
reading : do it !
even just seasons , just that simple change gets to me .
john kerry : i 'm impressed .
ebay : still love it .
anyone want a bottle of that i do n't like the smell of anymore ?
root : with root root number six now under my belt , i am officially an old pro - NUM
two more weeks of right side eating .
just random thoughts to keep me occupied .
for homer could feed , click here : and feed
i hate posting too much , so bear with me , i know you 'd prefer to hear less .
ideally , i only have never been number and did n't know whether or not it worked .
for some reason , i was on a trail , sometimes following a few people , sometimes on my own
eventually i crashed or fell or maybe just got stuck in a room .
it annoyed me a lot .
everyone joking said , he 's annoyed , until a alone him . ''
while there remain a few years here and there , most of it is gone .
mother nature now has a nice clean .
have you guys heard the surrounding ricky williams from the miami ?
and as guessed , he , and is now back with the .
he makes my eyes cross and my forehead hurt .
he cut 'em off , but i do n't think he 's made that complete transition .
i have always been told that is is wrong to hate .
how can people have so much hate in their hearts ?
and only hate will be achieved .
meet the characters of NUM ' major major major major had been born too late and too .
with major major it had been all three .
whatever his . told him to noticable , he did .
joseph , catch NUM .
i will update often .
scared the crap out of me .
well it is that time .
i do n't mind doing any of these things .
the worst part about the whole thing is trying to eat correctly , or better yet change eating my
it must be a change of eating habits .
fast food fits into our lifestyle way to easy .
yesterday nite i have great enjoy to watch the channel v NUM concert .
and reason is others element make me few unhappy .
the energy make me survive
a mother returns to find her three children .
my ta have begun have again .
bad , because it 's hard to be being a student , a , and a teacher all .
the cold i got this week is
i 've spent the majority of this week .
i took some meds today though and they are helping -- my has worn down the more ill .
so there are other reasons , but mostly me just being stubborn and not wanting to be in NUM .
if everyone would just wash their hands the world would be a much place place !
british romantic comedy = the best .
so it is our responsibility to protect people from or their own nation their culture 's history and things .
i noticed that numerous spoon wander into this little of the mine of .
it amazes me that people find this the least bit entertaining .
it would definately be interesting to see your blogs , so please drop me a line .
i mean , you know that belly button ring you always wear .
what should i do with fred 's ears ?
i might have a one way ticket to hell .
for those of you who are n't familiar with my thoughts random on hell , i separate various .
people who are bad with their families go to family hell .
so , it is currently dating hell for me .
so what do i do ?
but instead of telling him all of this , as clearly i should have , i .
in case anyone is looking for me .
but yeah , she was there anyhow .
yeah , she was n't really mad , just more concerned .
well i
i would love to fix my house but have little money to do this on .
i decided to concentrate on my living room so thursday i went to in grand to price to .
it 's going to cost me about two hundred dollars to get my living room done .
i 'm excited because my walls are blue and one is brown .
i have a light green on my supervisor and this is a combination combination .
i also need to get the ceiling painted .
anyway , i ca n't wait until i get it done .
i helped sarah and rob hang .
i did n't realize how slowly that all goes .
but i did find out that i have a hidden talent for cutting the stuff , so that was a
sunday night i got at NUM : NUM , took a shower , and managed to be in the
needless to say , i 'm still tired today .
i really like the idea of the extended weekend but in practice it just kind of this weekend up .
that 's one thing i 've found with sarah and rob .
and you might want to tell where to do to go , too , so he 'll quit bugging you
you 'll have more fun and be happier without them bothering you all the time .
i hope everybody has a great day and i 'll talk to you all later !
i field , literally , hundreds of questions each day not a . count
NUM : NUM - alarm goes off .
use soap this time .
smoke first of many delicious cigarettes .
aol first i see i .
call upon the powers of the prince of lies if there are none .
bitch about something that the night crew did or did n't do .
purchase from our from ' pop machine .
talk sports with boss for NUM minutes .
watch full house on b tv .
go to bathroom , play .
leave after several years to do so .
body for deer .
a ! day of smoking and button .
get up , stand up , stand up for your right .
and it is of both of my parents ' opinions that i 'll be home by september .
different man spelling , , and we 're not getting married , we 're just up .
it is of .
of tom 's and 's and julia 's and heather 's .
it 's of my opinion well , i do n't want to get too here .
actually , i 'll be home by june . ''
so if you 're interested , again , let me know , and i 'll send you the address .
in terms of the trip over .
so , tell me who you are , and i 'll mail you the link .
and the seemingly , just , picked there ' , probably laughing .
she lived with him .
i 've discovered some emergency into my pocket .
doctor boy likes me .
anyway , here 's that link i mentioned :
good NUM evil NUM so good does n't always lose because it is n't always dumb !
making the world safe for everywhere .
listen , sucker , i did n't get all rude and you while you were talking to the house .
whatever prize -- finding out that what i was correct and what he was .
meanwhile , back in the office we have been go '' for the wonderful women 's choir tour .
andy the universe not really is the one of funniest shows on tv right now .
maybe i need 's job .
course then this whole law degree thing is pretty much a waste of NUM grand .
i forget but it was pretty bad .
speaking of studying , i 'm going to go do that .
everything is covered with , and everyone 's eyes are burning .
our house is full of .
there is also my brother 's girlfriend rachel and her two cats and dog .
today i was told that i have not been considering what she feels .
why do people this themselves .
because , really i have n't done anything wrong .
about the situation back to waiting .
the opposite of talking is waiting .
$ in total savings !
audio , video , , and are , all !
or .
!
it was the first time since i 've been riding trial bikes that i have fallen like this .
i sincerely hope it will be the best fall of my life .
i by mike da hat ;
i hope everyone is as great of an as i am : NUM .
i am so excited i can hardly contain myself .
nope i do n't talk about that part of my life much here becuase i dont want to get a
work was boring today as .
i 'll write more subtitles !
this came from the north and was amazing looking .
today is a beautiful wonderful glorious day .
life is indeed a piece of cherry pie .
if i had wanted to do that , i would have skipped the whole college thing and stayed a
now my time is up up and i 'm able to actually from us in grad school .
i 'll have to get back to you on that .
yeah , how was the of exams ?
i made employee of the month . . !
i get a job and the employee of the month parking spot !
after three hours sleep i have come to the conclusion that certain choices i make are self been self .
bah too for a monday for that any day .
is this just that perhaps that my sudden are by work .
but i worry that this morning will wear off leading to more extreme situations .
which leads me to this : has the web cam the one night stand ?
i 've tried to sleep but its no use thoughts of you keep my through head my confusing stuff .
although fun at the time - i fear it will become a self addiction addiction .
apparently , his office with his an '' from , which , i 'm guessing , hardly , i have
two german , NUM , fights check
first day of classes for me , and so far so good .
i have one more time today and hopefully it will be interesting .
well it 's almost time lunch , so i got to get ready to go eat and run some time
no one can be another to another change .
we can not open the gate of another , either by argument or by emotional appeal . ''
welcome back that was a beautiful
i 've been going through the office walking through the part nothing seems to have my heart .
eh , i 'm not even sure anyone reads this , but i 've got to vent a bit .
i told one of my friends something that i knew she might not react well to .
i think the worst part is the of it .
she did n't actually say that or anything but .
man , this sucks .
i mean , i do pretty well for myself .
eh , i 'm in an .
maybe a good cry .
two minutes later , the ? touched down getting long enough to pick the soldiers up and fly them .
he truly is lucky .
i 'll bet this is the best time he 'll ever have seeing his family and his dog , and
takes place in work which is a very distance from here .
exponentially as i was thinking of going to the penny arcade in seattle .
web comic but what really to me about the .
i have it 's doing my job with measure of success since he had no .
the weekend website says that there 's a group rate at a local hotel of $ .
so the bare minimum total is $ NUM not including food , car , and .
* wallet * , financially i really must choose or the penny arcade because i
plus , is a guaranteed success where as the .
on the , i 've never been to seattle and the promise of a massive lan party .
this is a rather important line item that was this earlier .
this should cover everything .
or call me at .
i have long since made it clear about my for in a general .
only those from long island will understand the previous sentence .
i am currently going on a downloading and have are some pretty fucking cool shit .
i feel like going out and partying even .
i think this is because i 've recently seen bend it like .
why , just yesterday i said that if i were gay i 'd never date a spanish of why .
it 's just that i 'm so fucking stupid and now it 's finally coming out .
i could n't find the words to describe a fucking apple .
no more one for me thanks .
, is that a funny .
how cool is that .
if you do n't like it , let me know and i 'll change it back .
: nothing exciting here at all .
i 've never played .
but just wait until steve jobs takes over the world .
only half a .
maybe i 'll catch a great sometime this weekend .
well , i 'll get there sometime .
so , i 'd better think about getting some work done .
: anyway , have a good day and i 'll talk to you all later !
we were about the mode , meaning , and appropriate subjects for .
if the opening chapters are of the balance of the book , it is well worth the read .
because of my knowledge of john 's character and ?
i just wrote the for my first book in the series .
it 's very good .
such was the 's .
thus ended the era of grand , and what lead after noone can say in right authority .
systems like ours , systems like must have been numerous .
like an .
the planet were us our people , and in it we found our lives .
the inner systems have progress , the industry of industry and the science of life giving .
we 've the by coffee mistake .
they are in their desperate in , their and makes them their this dangerous and .
i agree it needs some work , but i have a time for that : / read .
according to jones , al had reserved a van for early friday morning .
.
oh yeah , that looks good .
in 's living room .
i am supposed to have NUM .
while i am over this decision
in a fit of must have them must '' , i bought yarn for some socks on sunday .
i am a test .
the color is also by the use of a white thread to make this a yarn .
i will knit with what i have tonight .
read it let me know what you think :
i do n't get it .
is it going to be NUM again ?
now i have to go learn about the .
i 've been naughty last weekend .
bought a few cds too .
bought the album ray gun by mars needs women .
now i got it , for !
pretty good enuff cheap trick inspired power pop , which means it rocks and kicks ass your big .
also got swearing by twin by .
reminds me of people like brian , weird summer , and maybe some from NUM .
i expected more of the same at first .
they 're not as .
when this came out , people in the power pop were n't and be all over this weekend at the
it is the most perfect , awesome and dropping stitch offers of american power pop and i 've been .
it kicks ass , it makes you smile , it makes you go all , it has everything .
what a fool , huh ?
teacher 's not in the mood yet to talk about the cinema .
is usually my time , so a full hour ahead of schedule is an .
just have to add the statement of facts and edit the whole thing down to NUM pages .
just have to work those little skills : and editing .
oh yea , this definitely has potential .
i need to know about christmas .
i mean , are significant others .
included in our christmas ?
any help would be appreciated .
i stuffed myself at two houses this year , which is a record for me .
do n't get me started on christmas .
bob says he 'll do whatever i want to do but i 'm really torn .
i do n't like it .
the terms are used for want of an appropriate english word .
performing in alone is not .
the mind gets by the the office lord , .
there will be no violence .
the word ' ' means ' .
for example , water is liquid by nature .
who is a living being by nature ?
we use the following terms my body , my mind , my intelligence , etc .
so the speaker ' i ' is not body but something different from body .
soul is eternal , body is not eternal .
he also says that they are his own parts .
i says , .
according to the living , are not part are part , but of part his energy .
for example , can not be as the sun .
the absolute is always absolute ; so the lord is eternal .
the meaning of is , whatever existed in past , exists and will continue to exist .
the subtle body made up of mind , intelligence and ego is also not eternal .
let me tell you just how this job can be .
the problem is that this is a big based system that they want to run on machines xp .
i 've had some luck machines to machines NUM , but the systems are n't stable .
so anyway , today i 'm going to use a NUM machine with a of NUM .
i have some of hope that it would clear up some of the ?
the bad : satan has left and apparently mark is gone as well .
oh and j. ho .
oh and let me say that error messages that blow up your computer are in my book .
if any one of these three parts are not working , the whole thing wo n't work .
i have any personal information individually .
this did not , however , solve the actual error i was experiencing .
either the file does n't exist , or it .
this . that the server can actually get that far .
please let me know if you have any questions .
what a helpful suggestion .
is this supposed to pass for support ?
i 'm writing to him so that he can help me .
do n't just sit there with your thumb up your butt waiting for them to do your job for the
maybe there is a big '' nearby '' ?
thanks , i used to talk to a great guy by the name of joe .
sadly enough , joe has passed on .
sure , they make more money and he deserves it , but c'mon people , replace him with someone .
marshall gave me the first part of my valentine 's day gift this is so funny , but i was
yeah ya got ta love the fuzzy head red
i 've dealt with the fact that sometimes the most creative , perfectly .
sometimes comes with losing things that you thought were important like your mind .
teach , teach , teach , type , type , type .
i 'm beginning to think that teaching is some sort of drug .
high point of the day : finally figuring out why my ramblings at school so frequently , and .
they were living in my printer .
i once had a similar experience with about a million and an for a camping trip .
baby . baby . and !
i 'm screwed and anyway who the hell am i going to tour manage !
it happened in the middle of a basketball game that i was playing in with a group of the
i hoped that they would call me to a job or to trial , but they never did .
what one thing would you like to try that your other would never of ?
take .
i have people counting on me , and i cant really live my life without considering that .
i have dreams that i want to pursue , but i am fortunate and have ways to pursue them .
i wonder if some of the biggest we have this arent related to love .
as i look back on it , it was a trial .
as a result of the darkness with the loads of help , , i met my .
i would have been many more times the risk and in if i had any idea how it would be
here again , the answer goes back to a love story .
i got like no sleep last night , and i feel like complete shit today .
congrats on the new job !
what exactly is your new job going to be ?
too bad we still have n't invented instant , i 'd definitely be there .
it 'll probably just rain a lot .
maybe he 'll get a bonus for doing it .
lots of people coming and going today .
can i just say that .
i totally know what my will be .
speaking of i got to feel the baby kick last night . !
from until whenever unless that time does n't work for the rest of ya .
i told jen not to buy me a gift because i 'd rather see her spend it on something .
so , in the interest of a complete NUM field NUM .
it 's it only love '' - bryan rick about NUM % NUM .
.
be next time the beatles off your collar '' - the e. scarf NUM .
no looking no back '' - night NUM .
`` oh , what a love '' - dirt band NUM .
please '' please - the NUM .
homer stand by me '' - ben e. king NUM .
true colors true '' - assed NUM .
nevermind how long it took me to get the code to work candy .
and for what ?
i 've even gone and checked out a few of these .
* sigh * just a terrible , tease that code .
is n't marriage supposed to be sacred ?
but it seems than the place a block away .
god , what happened to all those journalism skills ?
suppose the front porch will have to do .
this is so .
looking for some inspiration
they were both weak i think , but i just want to ask : which of them was .
it 's sweet , yes , but we will never see it as a weakness .
it was all or nothing , and joey should have known that .
most of us are not like .
this weakness is or ?
romantic pa nga di ba ?
avoiding life , into lj into in hope that life will pass us by .
and when i find that it does n't exist , it seems like a rejection
that is , they are to death .
my father was a .
i begin now to understand how it was for him .
to take sleeping pills during the day to sleep is n't so far from taking sleeping pills in order .
but during those ? i used to be alive and .
i felt terribly rejected , their door was always shut .
because of the war i went back to live with them , and it was still exactly the same .
the reason is simple : when i 'm alone , i stop believing i exist .
it is much more exciting and to try and try to fail than to leave your pillow .
at a million billion things !
i just got a card from her today .
seems very does a passing dream .
here 's a hug going out to them !
also , the guys drove to 's to get me a to hide under hide .
= * sigh * miss moments like those , do n't you ?
well , since it 's ! tv -- i guess it 's not that shocking .
it was a long drive home but for some reason i ca n't sleep .
i did meet a woman to believe us invited a to party at his house in on the .
all in all it was a good time , i needed to get away .
i was a complete angel , and i still managed to get dumped as did andy .
i guess i am looking for a girl who will one day go on vacation with me .
tomorrow is court , it is not going to trial .
i guess the da must be .
chaos this is happening now in our bar bar and at our pool .
the flight was calm .
the rooms lack air con so we cooked last night .
i mean , you should my size of my and i will offer against the rain coat in the
we found a local church and paid a whole euro to light NUM candles and prayed for sun .
and they have n't stopped since .
we 're sat in the office , playing cards , playing on the internet and generally wasting time .
when you visit this blogger , click the for button after it 's loaded .
the video game over , was at best an entertaining program .
only one only of computer gaming culture video , the culture is office on blame directly upon the .
a super successful game will cause other game to attempt to develop a version of such a similar .
another point the video did not address is that other media is also becoming more realistic and more .
news media and some other have completely found in fame at looking behavior and beatles as it if it is
that could include advice on how to use advanced features of microsoft 's own software .
hp already had a contract to run the help desk for about NUM , NUM microsoft employees outside the
hp is the no .
. customer , such as the one with microsoft , are a key growth area .
oral expression classes are weird .
NUM there 's not much than watching than a short blonde french girl acting like a .
on the board good times .
short blonde girl up to drunken drunken '' bush who 's wearing a blonde .
takes her to the bathroom to puke and does n't even hold her hair back .
am the you '' for what , for for ' out loud ?
the women the bathroom 's ?
to which the other - be - started hot , i want you ! '
he wanted he to fuck with you ? ''
his okay , .
however , if i 'm with ' someone , odds are very low that my pants are .
are you ready ?
i do n't like it .
if i kept it up more often or down all the time .
or completely bone straight .
scroll out of the ash i rise with my red hair and i eat men like air .
in dark yung mga nya nya pero .
her poems are somewhat as many which na nya from nya , robert from .
baka saya bang model sya ?
then after sometime , decided to kill herself .
in one of her final poems she wrote : rebel dying / is an art , like everything else .
homer has informed me that my earlier posting was .
nah -- sorry for the discussion .
now maybe i wo n't have to sleep on the sofa tonight , richard
christian thinking , speaking and our must be out of this praying and this action .
i feel like i just became a man thank you !
why do n't do you come in ? ''
we could have some hot !
ah , the young fellow is tempted .
so let 's say goodbye now . ''
the moon its face behind some clouds .
. i 'm not sure it 's a good idea , '' i try to work her .
a lip , and perhaps even a tongue . ''
violent NUM , is this a kiss ?
i did not know that kisses came in this flavor .
now i see , now i see !
here 's your brother 's jacket back . ''
to chapter from NUM of the novel man it do n't know me '' by david .
so . up this data from the into my attitude .
see the work for a demo of it in operation .
.
and here 's something big media wo n't tell you about w 's money .
they want you to think he it all it from that have $ NUM , NUM a plate .
most of it comes from people like you and me who had $ NUM or so .
, bush actually has a bigger following .
today was a pretty good day , over all .
i feel so much better about everything when i 'm around them .
i do n't feel as if i fell off the planet , no one would miss me , or not
unfortunately , i had to ask a question , that i do n't think i was quite prepared for the
i may need to talk a lot about this .
please keep me from work backwards .
today has been the greatest day .
a new , nice apartment with no .
i cleaned out some in the name of moving .
i had and mac and cheese for dinner .
that 's one thing taken care of .
i was pretty pissed .
so hopefully this will work .
kinda cool , and yet kinda sad .
i need a few more .
i realized the shell was empty ; this is all meaningless .
it 's all just a a cuban offers of meaningless tragedy and a series of near the .
and i sit back and i smoke my work , and i ride my own melt .
and diet coke over ice .
i guess i could enjoy other things , i just have to get out and do them .
in the back room
homer is home sick with a headache :
oh yeah , i know you 're jealous .
well , do n't get use to it , but here goes .
yeah , that 's right - .
should i feel ashamed because i was born without the home improvement ?
well , i know jeff does from time to time .
le .
part of my assignment is to work and take notes every night .
read more !
you see i am in a very uncomfortable with where i sit in the grand of things .
i mean the of this and .
and not . ''
to live a better life and to do things i was unable '' to do living in miami .
i have my religious roots .
i got sober in this city and i stayed clean as well .
i have seen things happen for this and here in canada that i thought i would never thought i have
last year i began the most of project my life , this comes to second my living and go .
i did not know what to do first .
a year of university came and went .
i have done it .
that stuck in my head every day that i went to work .
i am taking . history and introduction to work along with NUM .
there is an that that is supposed to be followed .
this is not a war thread so please keep reading .
this is where i am beginning to become ashamed .
they were also and in some of la data security , their sexual and told the shown off .
the as a nation went into a middle area weather that is with people who lived there .
that area of the world was the weekend for many of these stories we read today .
she is a for bible .
so i take what she this very seriously .
many of my friends and family are not very pleased that i would work with the enemy and the
it is a class that i need for my major , so i had to take it .
i happen to really like this man , as a man and a professor .
stick with me here .
i do n't know what i believe in anymore .
that is not the question or point .
i got rid of everything that was american .
over the last NUM years i have seen life in the and the world through different glasses world .
i have seen the last two years come and go around the world .
to see humanity as it is , from a different perspective than it had been presented to me in the
after they were then made .
i love my son friends .
they respect me and i have been to .
i am ashamed of what i have been brought up to be proud of .
i feel such shame that it makes my skin crawl .
i am . uncomfortable . ''
i feel sorry for those people in the middle east .
the of modern of .
my heart breaks when i think about this .
one of my job , that is my academic , is that is also of my closest friends .
i told him where i was in my head .
and he just said , am i knew glad that this is happening to you .
and he knew exactly what i was talking about .
he said that he was glad to see that this was happening , as i said above .
and he was happy for me .
as a student and as a friend .
he said that that was ok .
i 've heard this said to me in meetings by my boss , that i am right where i have
he said that eventually i would find my office place '' in the grand scheme of things .
so that 's where i am right now .
i am ashamed at what i know as a NUM year old man .
and i do n't like it .
it makes me sick to my stomach .
i am trying to do that .
and homer said that it was ok for me to feel that way .
so i am sitting in in and trying to make sense of the way i feel and why .
thanks for sticking with it , i am done now .
- florida town changes street name - may NUM , NUM : playing with fire in the .
if you 've never listened to this american life this '' , you 're missing out .
sometimes an entire hour is devoted to a single story .
but the have is the experience into very attractive , soul , ways .
this ways .
even failing all of those things , the experience is still available through the culture of usa .
a or , but it does n't seem to be as as the as .
i think part of the appeal of the usa version is the from the .
heaven is here on earth , if you make it .
girls just wan na have fun !
' NUM '' note : could this be because some of her power is given to her .
the ticket i purchased is so i could not change my flight on .
let 's explore the country i have not previously had any interests in .
here is the office plan for my trip to spain .
ok ok so i am a what can i can say ?
i put the finishing to it this morning .
i wrote this poem about him last week .
so i quickly it up
in our own little world with words and actions speaking our every move .
rains the rows the allowing stupid .
with you i found , , , happiness .
yet , when the storm hit , the spoon washed causing us to drift further and further apart .
it is only now i have learned my lesson .
i can control my own destiny .
instead , listen to myself .
now , i have learned my lesson .
have you learned yours ?
i do know for some reason i am not too worried .
too small to be a regular blanket .
and very thin , down filled .
i love how the old shows did n't pay any attention to work back then .
no episode to any other episode in those days .
i had to double check all this with a great episode guide i found .
ok , this is me ready to be done with work today .
thank goodness for holiday hours !
yeah , i have n't really cut myself in years in years and then i really slipped .
i got to walk around my house with no pants while i got ready for work .
the front looks out over a parking lot and the trees have my back , so relative is and
sometimes it 's just a little too fun being me : d
today we arrived at the airport to catch a flight to houston with a flight palm to flight .
so , we back to the gate .
they tried to get us another flight crew , but were , so we '' .
i have about NUM hours to sleep , then we are catching a flight to houston .
if it rains like they 're saying here i better get my money back .
do n't make me get out my angry face weather gods !
i pretty much slept all day yesterday .
i think he points out some good stuff , but not in an as entertaining manner as when he was
florida and i like to think of the most obnoxious things to say .
all during finals , florida and i would tell each other , .
yeah , i 'm just going to hang out , do some lines off a weekend , maybe do n't
consequently well , actually , larry , i finished studying last year .
the writing competition is for in .
me : i did the thing .
i 'll start writing on sunday night around .
i worked on it all day yesterday and today .
me : oh , whatever , florida , i finished mine on saturday night after they handed it out .
florida : i actually made law review already .
i was born on law review .
florida : i 'm hoping to get on law 's journal of law and french fries .
i love being gay .
and it does n't stop there -- he also has with a special and .
i 've had such fun . '' it lately .
summer have are quickly upon us , and while i can not go this year , there are other .
they are such to teddy tomatoes to this !
this he are , if you were wondering .
even if it 's small - every little bit adds up !
i definitely get by with a little help from my friends !
saw shrek NUM - highly recommend it !
hr # NUM the freedom 's we have lost under the bush admin .
NUM .
* the will give into his smack cinema on the upcoming news stories of 's coming up .
it will either make you bitter or it will make you better .
these stories and much more !
all topics and guests subject to change .
i have been in writing this and i am very sure for my in not having written .
you are not to read any further unless you are sitting down , okay ?
fortunately , the fire in the and my jump , were by an e at the gas .
it 's really a basement room , but it 's kind of cute .
we have n't set the exact date yet , but it will be before my pregnancy begins to show .
i know how much you are looking forward to being grandparents !
i know you will welcome him into our family with open arms .
i am sure you will love him as i do .
i do not have and there is no man of any color in my life .
* read the weekly rant july NUM the return of o and a .
with the hot weather coming up today and tomorrow , i had to the unit outside the unit .
now the house is nice and cool now !
i really do not like to use the lawn in the during the alert .
of course , i went for a walk around the block to work out the in my legs .
and i 'll try to keep my fingers crossed until wednesday night .
i 'm fed up .
i don t think i can resist it though , it was awesome .
i was not , however , prepared to shake it so much .
the square dance is coming back by the way , body this the first this .
see karaoke .
ed note : sara attended this show with me , her fine review is here .
i do n't think i would be !
my only is that is my friend debbie says it is mostly always raining in england .
perhaps this is the real reason they are always going on this of other countries .
so last night i made corn for supper at sarah 's request - where we had read about the
i just used a regular recipe loan added corn but i think next time i 'll follow a real .
after a pause he said slowly , .
then i asked him if he had had breakfast .
heidi and that '' .
but now i do n't mind .
so here is an art question for all you .
so it would make sense to use to do the picture of her background colours , right ?
how would you do it .
but would you use a permanent ?
also , where can you buy paper ?
see can you guys see how insecure i am about this ?
i can , however , work for about thirty seconds and half of the people i know .
i 'm not what you would call a distance runner .
today we went to a .
we all ordered food mostly beef with something and it all arrived and then the problems began .
i am unsure whether they have ever eaten anything as big as this .
i can ` t eat all this can take you my half of beef and pork .
so i got to work .
it was a kind of of centre which had a massive .
as you might be able to judge from some of my here by i , a big fan of the
i 'm interested in hearing your thoughts on adventure games .
what are your favorite games ?
there 's a really cute photo up on of photos i took when hanging out with a .
too much shit going on which i 'll write about sometime today .
i could write an ad for at this point .
my hands have the of one of waist whom i loved .
i am not used to this kind of hope .
no one could identify them they are not my mothers or my fathers hands .
and i have always kept them in my husband and held them away from touch in the .
the have got to be going nuts on this one .
kerry , edwards focus on florida
the low wing for vs .
according to , is currently NUM but feels like NUM with NUM % humidity .
what 's my point ?
but in doing so , i forgot to put on .
to my wonderful surprise , i 'm actually quite nice right now .
okay fine , i 'll say it .
time to go fly again !
bay bay won the cup .
i could care less who they have , or what style of hockey they play .
the third period of game NUM was great .
how many senior citizens in in even know they have a hockey team , or for that matter care .
i personally hope the league sticks around .
i have a feeling that the lightning fans are pretty close .
congratulations lightning , good luck .
a storm is to the to .
and me with a brand new car , sitting on a cliff ocean the ocean .
i have so many things on my office to do '' list now that it is scary .
after the work is finished , my would have to disappear of course .
question : let 's assume science is finally able to to human a , so i can order a lot
probably by tattoos , the scars , , , , - etc .
in fact , an exact to be would be too new '' .
i , did ed mention that he and are considering going for the this year .
it 's better .
i agreed with it .
damn this game .
few games come along that fill a person with such a desire , , to play it .
and with desire comes passion .
my argument being are .
i 've been playing on for about two or three weeks , and every single loss has been .
surely not all the good players prefer this ?
can you beleive it .
have a good one folks .
recently i have been told to get a job , you must be bored , get a life .
maybe i am just old .
we just have a close relationship with the kids and hope it continues to be this way as they have
i want my kids to know thier family , they are also very big on family .
and they love their grandparents and feel dont like it is a burden to talk to them .
not only is she my mom when i need her to be , but she is my friend best .
dont you think there was a reason for that , and i bet it wasnt so that we never have
well i got a family of them .
i woke heads up at NUM am , and asked what time are the to begin .
i 'm thinking alright , now i know they always late for something but you know this is their
i get to the house at NUM : .
hell are these damn people even there ?
how the hell are you gon na be late for your own kid 's shit ?
if you know you got ta leave your house at then damn it start getting ready at NUM .
i need some .
and i finally get to see !
she 'll know what child she has to pick up from the .
is n't that peer pressure ?
the way they are i 'll be my lungs the second i get off the damn .
now i 'll try to write when i get down there but i ai n't making no promises on their
well that 's a night to remember .
now to try and get drunk tonight , oh and avoid total losers .
email traffic speaks well , so i 'm excited for tonight .
i need to buy some liquor so we have a .
ok , please see shame see links below or check the link wit to the right .
she wants to go to grill for bush or some shit like that .
she is not there , i guess she left .
do n't remember much .
so we get there , check up stairs , and it 's not really .
we get into five .
start to meet a bunch of random girls
then she wants a picture with me .
i had so much drink
he is like sure , that should cover your work '' work .
so seriously , i think i should start doing some halo dc photography as a hobby .
you really do like picture taken huh ?
ok , i guess i 'm the .
yeah ok you are hot .
but i not almost going to .
i quit my job this week .
i got this new boss a month ago who i don t like .
i finally got sick of her so i quit .
actually no , it does t , it was my friend s office farewell party .
anyway , so tonight was a pretty affair , pretty much because office moral is low so lately .
with your next boss try not to make it so tough for her .
only i have t drunk enough , and he could probably take me sober .
lately , i have developed a liking for gold
it 's the of taste of smell , creative and individuals that make a dinner so common , so i
color , warmth , laughter and .
it was unexpected , but familiar .
they felt comfortable , excited and grown up for the independence of their special .
it felt like home and it was magical .
because .
a year ago i was a in the city .
they played grand this auto on the office .
the older kid tried to go home with his friends when i came to pick him up at work .
for example , they owe a center of about four from grand .
need the cash , though , but i wonder if i still have the skill necessary to .
funky of the funky planet .
i 'm going to take a bath .
that 's right , i just drank a beer o beer with .
the most past their prime band in the world !
good show johnny , they just do n't make em like they used to .
seems like everyone has a weblog these days .
really need to do something with it .
i suppose even had to start somewhere .
has anyone else seen the trailer for the new batman ?
a kid behind me literally left his
everyone laughed at this , i think because it rang true with all of us .
is doing two other graphic novels instead it seems .
and who the hell is this guy ?
when that resume also includes . toys toys .
he 's essentially an unknown .
the late night with .
after a NUM - , .
feel free to check it out ; i 'll transfer it here after a little while .
please read this story !
is that normal for people of a certain generation ?
or is it just keith jackson ?
it is one thing i am not at all looking forward to .
is that the girl ?
richard drove a nice big ford discovery which was definately an improvement on all these bloody that they are not
even better than that was that he bought me a shit load of drinks !
the stress of the city disappeared totally .
at about at back to sunny and jen 's room for a hot chocolate and some dark chocolate .
up at the bloody crack of dawn to watch the all play off , which was great .
it is amazing how many years can turn up for the short from NUM to paychecks for NUM,NUM .
it was great to see most of them , sunny managed to get some terrible photos of me .
but i do not remember the photos being taken !
by the time i got picked up to go home after a huge yummy lunch i was still pissed .
he drove a huge , lovely .
had only done NUM , NUM miles .
on to a bar train i .
other than that , a bloody nice weekend .
strange how they seem like family .
unusual , considering the rude , people at my school .
i hope to work myself in it for a day !
hope you are all well .
i should inform you guys that the company gave me free day with pay on monday .
well he breaks it or breaks the mass air flow .
yeah hundred bucks so then work was playing the question to see i had to get it .
we took it and put it in the and walking away see the catch here .
or my cousin house up the street .
and cops come and shit .
lately going to the movies has been very disappointing .
a few weeks ago i went to see anchorman .
by the time the movie was at the halfway point most of the teens had looks over their office .
in was the longest , most horrible movie ever .
what was that tom green movie ?
it made me want to find every child who watched it , tie them down and make them practice .
there is something about that sticky floor that makes me want more .
but from the opening night of this movie i was sucked in and became a in the movies in the
now i am not a movie person like may of my friends are .
the movie had a love story that was twisted as far as modern day values are concerned .
it might have been the music or the dancing .
god i need the soundtrack .
maybe i was born in the wrong era .
i can even begin the majority of those .
i have no motivation to write anything .
i like to eat and drink .
i 'm running out of time .
congratulations to the minnesota wild for a job in the will living of .
NUM mtv movie awards this thursday i will be watching the NUM mtv movie awards with my brother .
lindsay 's boobs are hosting so other i probably with material .
as with game NUM , the flames did n't seem able to put forth a consistent effort tonight .
the call was made by none other than you guessed it kerry .
they deserve nothing less .
how was the matrix ?
to prove this , let facts be to a to world .
he has been houses account , for with for his visa on the rights of the .
he has affected to the military independent of and superior to the civil power .
nor have we been wanting in to our .
we have reminded them of the circumstances of our and from here .
its tuesday and i am absolutely miserable , no , i 'm .
now i feel like i 'm on top of the city dump !
what 's that all about ?
is there any chance of getting it back ?
deep down , i have no doubts about him thought , but something happened to me while i was .
i ca n't pretend to be content anymore .
could it be too close to the truth ?
i miss him .
its amazing ; the little thing has been with me for almost NUM years now .
it even two girlfriends .
so the best that i can do is find a job and finally put the little guy down .
not to mention that they all lack the easy operation of the .
and apple being the only with worth considering .
of course they did this by this almost full scale from apple , so they lose points there .
i not sure if that would be easy to use .
then i saw the new generation ipod and i have to admit .
and finally , windows and ?
i 'm as surprised as you are .
they call it a step away from what makes mac a mac , that it is too .
it strikes me that i should explain the history of my health for apple one day .
till then , the first in the digital music battle for my money has been fired .
today the chicago cubs .
i 'm totally excited about it except for the fact that he has an than problem .
but i 'm a cubs fan , i should be used to the for next year '' concept by the
yes i 'm a sucker for the tour .
yes i am a job , and yes i cry at great moments in sports .
i think the little woman is wearing him out , hehe .
lastly , there is my most beloved sport of all football .
great , not even two days in and already we have issues .
i thought it was this done .
it 's certainly the most i 've ever liked bill .
i love that they discount the yarn , only charge actual , and are and extremely friendly and helpful .
i 'm going to do the yarn - as my next little serious '' project and then start .
i hope the person who chose to steal all that lovely .
about NUM % of the yarn was nasty .
do n't you have a walmart you can from ?
i 've got a little break in the work schedule and have been thinking of doing some job hunting .
but who wants to do anything when thinking about doing it is just as good as doing it ?
no , he just gets treats and back .
but that will have to wait until later , because , as you can see , not much gets to
as a person living in a area of my , computer my to the internet via the .
many are tragic , and these are the ones i want to opinion on at the moment .
everyone was .
or perhaps this one : it is not right that the child die before the parent .
then p. .
why , the family , of course .
once again , the media is being helpful , to a point .
my heart is with you as you search for your beloved .
i i should be sleeping at the moment .
must get up for work in the morning .
mostly just the thought of that empty bed .
at least what i 'm missing is not quite as fresh in my mind .
NUM hours seems this compared to forever still , i miss her .
go , !
according to variety , work is ca $ NUM .
emails where she was in control , and emails where she was not .
i revealed to her what i saw .
she at first .
she ! my swearing with of a good , and my heart with joy doing in .
just what ever 's on my mind .
is n't the eagle eagle not one of the most beautiful animals on the planet ?
i mean they 're just rocks .
living in a living in state of bliss that comes '' from pink - .
why do men have ?
they serve no purpose .
still , not that !
i love to watch the , not the .
but i hate oscar de la .
i could sit and eat a whole pack of if i were able to .
why are the of life as right so while the desire are much cheaper ?
and they cost way more than a , computer , or a .
what in the world will replace players ?
that ' all for now .
the only thing necessary for evil to for is good for men to do nothing .
now he 's in second place .
her is to the duty .
i know that most of you are thinking , how the hell did get picked .
and does n't she have some fancy celebrity way of getting out of duty ?
and guess whose names are going to be with it right thats , the .
those bastards are n't stupid , just .
sigh , it seemed like ages since we last met .
we met on new year 's together with pat from .
met up with .
you look good , jan !
lucky b * * * * * * !
really not good for today .
after work , drove to and met up with work , dylan , satan , pat from the .
sigh , just have to wait till the credit card comes then i could .
what else is new ?
after much of where to have dinner , in the end , we had dinner at secret recipe .
dylan had to go home for a while before picking up drive and up her back to the .
it 's okay pat .
hehehe dylan arrived and we said our to to .
enjoy your trip to work !
and then seeing the face when i say .
kept drinking after the reception and made my way to the gallery .
story time again .
i have a job rule that i dont be in '' .
wait there 's more !
i if they did get back together or not , anyone ?
yeah , i thought at him , and that makes me really sad .
i simply dont trust her at all .
what i really dont understand is that he might understand why it .
i dont know what to do .
that little black rain cloud just keeps on gettin bigger .
home it is an occasionally useful of mine that died cuts two ways .
the sometimes result of is an increase in human variety .
search are . , but in certain ways , they are above them .
search are .
they provide information about other services , or provide increased levels of .
the key is that the exists on a lesson level to the computer .
because a computer the ability to take advantage of the in such .
the key is to provide potential increased large by volume instead by NUM up to the point of the
this key point explains why standards that work with work up to a point .
but standards on the edge of human variety and machine is where the exciting ideas are .
dice is another child of a larger technology called .
enter some years later , faster computers , more complex software environment .
the difference is very slight , but enough for the of the used and .
it 's pleasant surprises and steady that make me hopeful for technology like this .
. , emails , websites , text galleries .
it 's .
the comes down on the heels of a new software group software '' page the company posted yesterday .
the google project appears designed to counter this threat , according to the report .
the with the - or perhaps - not google - released a new software page yesterday .
aaron and dave are just to this has this happened to them .
gmail still tells me that i have NUM .
it will be possible to check accounts , transfer , and mobile accounts .
the are on special offer throughout NUM for .
has NUM hot spots in the country , NUM of which NUM are up and running .
questions about whether the increase its increase for a site are coming into play now .
it 's really difficult to work the wedding by this in shift for .
the writing of good , content on copy , which value to a web site .
even search . com seem to this and the web sites web with good content higher , content than the
the of a web of site to all possible , .
the of traffic by marketing marketing .
the use of pay per click .
the addition of good relevant always are free and .
however , gmail s may make it may stand out to users and web more than so its .
here s a comparison of search related email account from at the service site yahoo !
but out of the potential , only a few will be themselves after they consider racing to the .
are they happy to be stuck with storage ?
gmail .
in fact most pages did not have any .
they are not , irritating .
it s not something that s in your face .
compare that to yahoo s big flash ads and microsoft heavy s pages .
as much as i hate mcdonalds , i think anyone .
what did you expect ?
a true blessing in my life is my fiance .
she is kinda down lately because i have to leave for ten weeks next month .
i 'd be lost without her !
's theory of motivation and 's years of needs .
, a , - a theory about job that money that employees .
this - first provides brief was to the and of .
this study found evidence that the teachers in the program do not match the behavior of people in the
today did n't start out like a friday at all .
i had been sitting around drinking coffee and had not eaten breakfast .
the coffee started .
then i moved on to the .
actually , i was sweating .
hey , at least i made it to the office room .
that is my story .
the wind up
i found out in the usual way , via a friend of a friend of my now .
actually , i 'm .
but every time i would sit down to say the words , every time i was on the the
he could see that in the end i wished that i were anywhere else but in his presence .
i found a thousand excuses for why .
it will look very nice on my wall .
but on the drive to atlanta , i realized that this had to be done .
everyone in my family just my resolve .
and is it bad taste to have my family there for encouragement when i break up with him ?
but he did be me of the responsibility and for that i 'm thankful .
maybe he knew that i didn t have the courage to complete the task .
but i m broken in the best possible way , because i could broken away from him .
very relaxed , rebel , spoon lyrics - such shannon music .
or two to load - big file - but well worth it in my .
you can not be successful without passion .
go find something else .
first meeting for this friday this .
i will post the details of time and agenda by today evening .
.
i know that i have n't written anything in a while , but i 'm back .
we had this project that we were working on .
in other news , i really tired of hearing the various on the news about gay marriage .
i wish that i could marry my lover , but we do n't live in a fantasy world .
even after NUM years , straight relationships are recognized as many common law '' .
in fact , a large portion of my check goes to taxes every two weeks .
it would be such a relief if could be my health benefits .
i must be pretty desperate but i do n't see it like that .
@ ^_^ thanks .
and need i say more ?
do any of you honestly think you can hold me back ?
nothing better than hearing the ideas of those convinced they have any idea who you really are .
what i did n't expect would be that i would start that night .
i do work computer , work , stuff that i 'm interested in .
i have been up since yesterday at and have yet to sleep .
i have to be in at so i figure getting to sleep by will work .
this job is super cool !
i think i will start being to NUM ever since june from this one forth .
i thought that with the of the internet and blogging , a solution has presented itself !
remember these will be on the internet and open to my research in the world .
i do n't see why the blog of should be limited in , either .
look for the first topic posted after this one !
how 's the new house , wee man ?
which does does she walk through at night ?
the sound and feeling were all very familiar to me .
it just reminded me how i have n't have a feeling for a very long time .
perhaps i 've become more lazy and less as the years our men by .
perhaps the economic is not still yet home , and no good jobs available out there .
a day for laundry , and other various in activities .
matthew is coming home tonight from chicago , so i 'm very excited to see him again .
you and set aside .
add .
each ball in the office of your hands to make into .
NUM night of the on both sides until golden about NUM minutes on each side .
serve hot , with sour cream in the side .
you have a website .
but what keeps coming readers back is .
here 's ten tips will help you keep the good words and readers coming .
we tell me thanks have a good day and god bless !
after my initial post calling for experiences with online , i received two pieces of feedback .
so how does an online relationship work ?
i control her sexual activities , totally .
the only difference is , i 'm not there to do it in person .
but we figured out early on that there would be no point for her in just pretending to .
why would she even want to ?
i have to be especially , try to judge , her from written replies what is the effect of the
it 's just with us the trust has to be stronger .
it 's not an ideal situation .
she would like me to .
so we have to be and find other things to do which press the button button .
we email a dozen times a day .
i tell her what to wear , and what not to wear .
we plan to meet one day soon .
you can get , they need all the .
travis used to have the 's island set .
i 've been tired all day , but i 'm really feeling tired right now .
i 'm a mess .
it 's still off from where i need to be .
why does everything have to be so difficult for me ?
bet did n't know that there was a woman out there 's , when ?
let 's face it , none of us will ever see heaven .
jessica smiling while showing her NUM tiger teeth , posted by stanley ooi .
it was as we expected , and even worse .
if you are not familiar with this type of , go here .
have will fight this , because she is strong -- and she has hundreds of people praying for her .
it 's funny how everything else seems -- any other minor complaints or .
if . lives NUM months or NUM years , we are going to make every day the best it is
speaking of babies , i may get to see little again tonight today .
i wonder how much bigger his now .
i 'm still working towards my goal of work .
: i do n't know really why , but i think i 've very close to point .
my has also been interesting .
then today it went back up to .
i 'm sure it 's pointless to say , but i really hope i get pregnant this month .
i 'm really tired of that , i want to be truely happy again .
it 's what i want most .
he 's doing his best , but i definately wo n't be finding out at christmas .
if not , it will be january for the next month .
today is devoted to watching football .
phil and his his were there .
tommy makes a killer and above average burgers .
it was easily the most depressing movie i 've ever soothe .
the was stupid but entertaining in part due to an attractive cast .
wednesday night ali and i went to to drop my truck off with her parents .
they 're cool , it was nice to see them .
i think we 're gon na try the south beach diet .
the only other diet i 've ever tried was called the diet diet and was essentially a less .
spring and in the hood by the weather the weather is breaking .
see in , the spring is known for cherry .
the next few months will see an increase in public .
usually they dont start till about NUM am that in the afternoon * expect late church services .
lil kids be mad that they in there at NUM : NUM on a saturday * white expect shoes .
although they will be married , im speaking on the white dress shoes .
especially on the weekend .
all that .
no not the from from high .
especially them dudes that still think its 'NUM out here on these streets * expect the electric slide .
i dont think NUM is the year that we will be able to this one NUM .
as the spring turns to summer some brothers cant give up their .
remember yall when the other amounts had fake .
or the .
the spring is when all the of go in full mode .
christians selling chicken and of course and the 's office are still playing the role .
you 'd think you had a of in your house on a hot saturday morning .
get ready , that time is coming .
get ready cause we are .
not really - not beyond the fact that i get an extra day off work .
current tune : at mouse - the good times are killing me i 'm sorry .
then i go and post a picture of the girl with engagement ring .
i 'm sorry to those of you that was a shock to all of you .
i wandered about lots and by the girl .
but i felt none of that .
i was happy , like i was driving home .
there was no kissing .
so much time to ourselves .
so in between , we went shopping .
really , i had no idea we were going there .
i asked all properly and everything , although there was n't a single doubt in my mind what she is
and i knew she would say yes .
and there was n't a single in my heart or my head about spending the rest of my life .
all of that 's gone .
so you 've all seen the ring .
unfortunately , none of you can come to the wedding .
immediate family at the most .
except for the night that whatever happens will happen to us together .
going out so i am tired of going out .
it is becoming hella ass boring .
consider the following example : we are at mike mins in .
true to our word , we had n't been there in nearly a year .
you really ca n't find these anywhere else .
until waitress # NUM came back and said they are out of .
she offered us honey .
i chose the honey .
in the meantime , i ordered a hurricane .
it took so long that had b to go up to the bar and pick it up himself .
keep in mind , i already had one .
finally the food comes , and there is no honey - because you - guessed it - they were not
we get cold and b asks again for someone to melt some cheese into a cup .
we are like , take two of these off the bill .
she comes back and runs our card to complete the .
NUM hours and NUM beers later , finally we are free to go .
b never did get his cheese into a cup .
work harder , bitches .
even worse than .
for example , who is this jesus christ person i keep ?
do n't bitch about it .
these pictures are great , too .
but whatever you call him , he 's still the same good his ' travis .
his second love , his guitar .
yes , he 's a smoking , singing , , machine .
ah , such silly .
you did the same thing to natalie weeks apart .
ask him to do it , it 's mad crazy .
he likes .
he is actually part .
he a lot .
he 's really quite sensitive .
he and i are pretty much .
not even black jay can hold a candle to little .
i 'll post some pics but they may end up in another entry , but you get the idea .
after months of years and married , the army has learnt nothing from it 's experiences but defeat .
america can no longer blind the world with its this reasons '' for the war .
he is supposed to have come back a few months ago .
the latest is , he is coming back on .
first thing , he comes at odd hours , like NUM : NUM in the morning .
do you have anyone in mind to play the parts ?
there are two years that are currently showing out and there both about NUM minutes away .
any slight in the korea in '' force will make people turn stupid pretty quickly .
so as a personal favor to me .
spent the morning waiting for a washing machine to be delivered - my husband was blank anyway , so i
or maybe you do n't know what to get for her for christmas
photo friday challenge clouds , colorado .
yesterday was a busy day with back with being and stressed about it .
i am having trouble finding time to eat lunch and that is n't healthy for me .
when i move you move i went to a weekend last night with a bunch of friends .
it was so weird to see men with nothing but tight .
hey , i wasnt there to check out .
not to lie but there were a here here and there but that was it .
such as , i got five on it , in da club , baby , etc .
im not trying to say that im any good but it was one hell of a laugh when you have
i think that dancing is something that you were born with .
i was honor and i was turning red at the moment populated but i had a great time .
i love it no matter what type of dancing it is .
i let wont that go to waste .
i enjoy dancing and music .
if you are trying to pick me up , just talk to me let me judge your knowledge .
take a moment from work and try this out picture yourself near a stream .
nothing can bother you here .
you are in total from that place called the world . ''
the water is clear .
it 's the person who caused you all this stress in the first place .
you let them up , just for a quick breath .
there now feeling better ?
i think i neglected my blog again !
anyway , im my lower work semester early time , for NUM week thank god so much !
i 'd love lotsa lotsa man !
i still have one week at home let see what can i cook up each day !
in fact , work have little control over .
the women 's nation has misery is not wise policy or politics .
a detailed analysis of the of an from .
-- knock down the whole freaking house and kill the guy already .
i guess it 's better that i find out about it now rather than later .
i 'm writing a screen play , yes i bit the !
the blast occurred with the area of , NUM miles south of , in the troops .
you own the show .
from in and in watching bits and pieces of the play , when you and doug are on -
a choir a .
referring to the title of this post they also make a good sauce .
everyone has been annoyed by real 's sales pitch at some point .
in fact , car talk switched back to after with windows media for a number of people .
anything to keep a client .
is probably a major source of free content for real though .
i guess it 's an example of how you can get better customer service from a smaller company .
other than which kicks four .
i do have your brain and this reports reports .
i listened to her message as i was turning my key in the lock to get into my house .
we was n't home , the house was dark .
i do n't understand any of this , really .
no more hope that this is n't going to turn into ms and that hope disappeared so quickly .
she called me back almost immediately , and we talked for fifteen minutes or so .
she said this could very well settle down with me .
then i 'll take days of oral .
but it will clear up the .
and then i can ride my bike !
but despite the doctor 's orders , i cried when i got off the phone with her .
i 'm still not ready to hear them .
there will only be more spots on my brain .
even if there is a cure , the damage that will have been done up to that point will be
i 'm a mess of -- my brain is messy on all levels .
i 'm probably this depressed .
i honestly want to run away from my life , my self .
right now i 'm not sure that i can handle this .
i have a brain disease . !
that 's fucked up and wrong .
i 'm getting rid of my pink hair on tuesday .
i 'll have boring brown hair again .
i do n't feel like everyone else anymore .
the office list !
link your : spin , around , your partner 's knock and his message down !
now , now !
would not have not done the solo today ?
so i set up my gmail account .
is it really worth doing ?
i probably wont eat until tonite .
im not enjoying my work today .
this is NUM : and i havent significant for any of my projects .
fuck i times already , its stressing me out !
im not even sure this man would be able to provide me the need i !
smoke a bit , drink some coffee to loose up a bit .
day after day we see the news media the prep this that the country was based upon and .
i am sorry but you can not believe or with animals .
people it does n't get any more real than that , this is what we are dealing with in the
some cool .
michelle b. posted some pics of k and d 's wedding and other events .
you will see pics of patrick , our plastic little friend .
we rocked out at the lounge old school style .
her blog site is .
these are all the kids that are in .
first friday rolls around and i 'm usually .
hilarious short story based in the star wars .
she 'll sing a beautiful line then tap once on a ; sing a line , then .
it was quite lovely , actually .
never a bad thing .
he was absolutely .
he was a in his strange dirty .
over this he wore a sec worn inside out with a halloween tail tiger costume to the .
on his feet were , with but they were this .
i saw the kids open for the and john blues office NUM years ago , and i was not to
i liked maybe NUM or NUM numbers .
i 've listened to their new album a couple times , and it 's pretty .
meanwhile , turn it off !
celebrity : john from the .
anyone want to read the same book and talk about it on the blog ?
let me know if you 're interested ; i 'll be happy to do whatever work needs to be .
i do n't know whether to be amused or disturbed by this article in tuesday 's .
six years ago , an about the kerry , edwards kerry , created his own web domain - .
so , it seems like a fairly , .
it 's for sale .
i only noticed it when we were working at the night garden !
i cut some of these flowers to flowers on our dining table .
the of purpose the foreign policy of the united states should be to maintain the of the united of the
we must at all times . upon the standing of our own .
: , .
rob , that 's got ta be a blogger thing .
pistons in NUM and rip went nuts .
were you named after anyone ?
i know my middle name is after is my , .
which finger is your favorite ?
when did you last cry ?
people tell me i have nice for a .
what is your most embarrassing cd on the ?
if you were another person , would you be friends with you ?
uh , i do n't know ?
i 'm a girl -- i ca n't ignore an especially .
how do you release anger ?
where is your second home ?
do you trust others easily ?
my kitchen set NUM .
do you have a journal ?
do you use sarcasm ?
what do you look for in a ?
intelligent , educated , , , sense of humor , does n't play -lrb- companies .
would you be jump ?
do you your shoes when you take them off ?
yeah , i think i 'm pretty strong .
turkey hill chocolate peanut butter cup NUM .
pink , blue NUM .
none , thanks to and a week of pure hell .
pat , although i think i just miss being married .
am i sending this ?
last thing you ate ?
last person you talked to on the phone ?
the first thing you notice about the opposite sex ?
i stole it from some random blog NUM .
good , but exhausted NUM .
hockey , football , baseball NUM .
do you wear contacts ?
last movie you watched ?
favorite day of the year ?
are you too shy to ask someone out ?
both , please and thank you .
wish i had one right now .
nobody NUM . who is least likely to respond ?
what books are you reading ?
what 's on your mouse pad ?
the wedding or in NUM .
i do n't remember NUM .
what is the first thing you think of when you wake up ?
say one thing nice about the person that sent this : i sent this to myself .
excellent article on : - the new york times - assed home go , but do n't have it .
and i mostly .
there was a series of display cases showing price political 's history and product development since the company was .
but what is the reality ?
i do n't think so .
they are patient , teddy and very determined to do great harm to us .
many random thoughts in my mind racing through at this time .
many thank you 's too many to name but just a few : thank you for the of the
most of all , thank you for reaching into the of my mind and bringing my inner most of the
you have given them life which will make them a reality you are the inspiration that gives them breath .
sometimes like a job , sometimes like a .
this , gently , , and in perfect step .
it 's going to be all commentary .
it 's a new this site that i have signed up for .
now , let me explain how this site can help you .
you can meet other people in your industry and join clubs .
it 's also an excellent way to make contacts for joint .
i am also involved in various clubs there , so if you want a * , let .
regardless of what country you are in , i would recommend you take a look .
this is the one site that i would definitely recommend that you join to help you build your business .
if you have an . program , you can also add it to the .
the best thing is that every site is different because every by choice 's programs of endeavor different is .
if you are looking for products to live , i pay NUM percent .
i worked out a deal with him to get you all of the products you need for your business .
then you 'll find every kind of tool , script , and software to help you build web sites .
what does this mean for all of you ?
that 's NUM for the price of one .
you ca n't beat the prices .
i 'll be the , as well as my blogs this way from now on .
finally , here is another tool i recommend .
for those of you looking for great sites or blogs to read , this is the place to go to
below are some emails i received recently , as well as some resources i have found that i think .
about - - every once in awhile , i come across a site that i simply .
the owner , .
definitely worth a look .
you get over NUM products you can either or give away .
have a great week ,
is it , really ?
to me , one of the best faces america has ever is the face of a peace corps .
for many years of people around the ?
john believes in a bright future .
translation : no blood for oil .
he earned his the way , by putting his life on the line for his country .
but he also knows the importance of getting it right .
no one will defend this nation more than he will than -- and he will always be in first .
there are so many lost souls .
and others by work so unexpected that they still leave us thinking , how could this be happening ?
the world is at the pbgs of war .
everyone cares but the disaster comes closer and closer until .
and what better way to end a long day then getting drunk at an irish pub with good friends .
looking to be a long week , as i have finals coming up on thursday .
today we will in work .
i am filled with mixed emotions .
she is two and a half now , and i wonder where the time has gone .
did n't we have her first birthday only a few months ago ?
for the few moments we were there , she was already playing .
she will do find without mom and dad for the day , but will we ?
is n't that what we want ?
will do great !
i was . # NUM for burning lips after sex .
they say that if the kids block does well , cartoon network might turn into a network - .
no .
i would go into detail on how i would hear , but that 'll be for another post .
let 's be honest .
they 'll succeed with the block , but do they really need to make a network ?
how lonely and i feel .
i saw john today because he finally came to get his car .
that 's not a good sign .
i just want this to be done .
i called my mom today and i could barely talk to her .
i have my days , but today was bad .
i just was n't feeling strong today , i told my mom i wanted to come home .
she just told me to keep my chin up .
that 's the stuff i miss .
we were looking outside at christmas trees , and i totally over some over slap a twisted and my own
yeah i hurt myself looking at trees .
i do n't know what it was .
but anyway , we see movies last night .
pirates of the weekend .
he was really good in this movie .
in illinois you were lucky to find a bathroom with those things .
we were in today and i had to pee , so i went in , and i just had a
thank you much !
when the kittens were , the dam followed and wandered into my back garden .
it was n't long before we realised that she was pregnant again .
but , alas , the day before the shelter was due to pick her up , she delivered .
we , of course , continued feeding an at a rate of about NUM per day weekend !
unfortunately , by the time our application had been .
because her system was so by the cycle cycle of pregnancy and delivery , there were by years .
she runs an increased chance of failure as she becomes older because the one remaining events will have to be
this animal never asked to be taken into my office 's home .
she was his helpless victim .
if you have pets , be responsible .
mind playing down an exchange .
went up to matt 's this weekend for a .
hopefully , there wo n't be too many .
we all get ourselves back into gear for the ordinary work week .
see past blog for photo of a production play that i was involved in at in NUM in NUM .
well if the cast saw this version of angels they should be pleased that their were with as agreed .
the second part of the u series will surely do better by 's work .
the best moment of the movie i want to share a , but can i say full time .
what future does the of the soon to be the year old NUM .
the could have done better themselves .
ah , we have almost ! the digital camera we purchased .
testing its very limits .
i have even started to grasp the - .
i also finished two .
be homer , it 's a game '' and crime process of silence . ''
if only i had the money and the film rights .
today is still monday it seems .
all the news in fits of print ?!?!?
the clouds were spread thin across the sky .
this happened on the train , going to where i then take a bus to san francisco .
not because i did n't enjoy myself - because i did .
while i 'm not naive enough to think that nothing bad will happen to me there , i do n't
feelings like this can be to the amazing to times i 've had in this city .
but these experiences would have had a different impact if set in another environment .
not because of the noises , even those to san francisco - there is a feeling that is a little
the feeling is of that i do n't have to worry about catching .
i appreciate the that have given that me shelter , and the that will give me shelter .
he is NUM years old and lives in with his wife with .
eric : good morning hah : good morning , so nice to meet you .
eric : i will confess i have never done an interview im before .
this is my first interview via im as well .
eric : i started in march of NUM one .
and black mag .
my first year , i made $ NUM and copies .
i still am not making enough to just live on .
hah : still , you are on your way .
teacher , i have no kids , have a three year old named howard dean after .
it sold her on the drakken kids : .
glad to know these has fans other out there figure on , they am .
eric : since march NUM i have been work but i have been writing since the grade .
that 's a -- old , were you when you can remember your first story ?
eric : i was about NUM and it was about a killer killer who could n't die .
i was always an odd kid .
your parents let you have it so young ?
i just got lucky .
my parents did n't care as long as i was reading and getting such praise from my deployment .
did n't stop me though .
do you believe you were born to do it ?
eric : for instance , check out my on this page .
kind of a military horror fiction .
of course , i think any horror writer would name him .
hah : so , what else do you do ?
i develop , work photos , etc .
hah : , i see .
eric : boring eric : trust me on that one .
hah : would you mind telling me a little bit about your writing process ?
pen and paper for first draft ?
eric : pen and paper first .
i carry around two this actually .
eric : well , it 's a good book that is n't a book machine .
eric : is her website .
hah : may i ask you about your process ?
blood rain one of my , done with .
i have sold at least NUM short stories as well , not counting .
eric : i have never written with some who was actually close enough to write with in person .
hah : what do you think is the most challenging aspect of writing ?
in fact it gets me into the papers a lot .
hah : how do you keep your writing fresh for yourself and for your readers so far ?
i just keep trying to come up with stuff certainly in the ?
hah : - what is the of the them ?
it 's concept that has always me .
eric : i have this here from engineering to shane on my in stories and even my and .
i have never thought of as .
that was a job , i meant i totally do n't think of it as art .
hah : i do n't believe that is arrogant at all .
it gives us hope , i believe , whether or not we have children following after .
do you use ?
it 's totally the best .
i got a free with my check with when i sold them an article at the start of this .
eric : shoot hah : if you could give writers any advice to encourage them , what would be the
try to write everyday even if you junk it .
you 'll never get published if you do n't submit .
eric : and listen to their advice but take it with a of salt too .
oh damn , i 'm going to be sore the next few days .
the hardest part though , is he wants me to be able to run a mile and a half .
i can only run about NUM feet at a time , and then i have to rest for like .
he said , .
there has n't even been anything good or tv lately .
a in the in paper here gave it two stars , and said thank god it 's the last time
wow , aaron devoted his entire blog entry to me friday , and NUM people stopped by .
i worked both jobs yesterday , so i 'm a bit tired .
i almost always stay nearby friday and saturday , as it makes a long day if i visit an
but , having delivered all my invites thursday , i missed visiting my two responsibilities .
i was disappointed at both visits , as both looked .
i walked into the one and saw lines backed up as long as i ever recall .
no you stands open either .
i grabbed her off her waist and spoke the for 's name into it .
i asked where he was , and after a pause , he said , in the office '' .
i was all but .
i opened the door , and the , , and , another shift manager were all sitting and the
all NUM stared at me , shocked i was there .
and they wonder how i got in after only a few months in their company .
who the hell would stand there for NUM minutes ?
as they out , i said , !
i am as i saw the keys on the desk , knowing someone had forgotten them .
i stood behind two of the , one was mentally , and both , were doing fine , and i
i my teeth , walked to the other machine , filled it up , and walked back , and the
he said , and i 'm not kidding , .
he smiled at me , and walked over to the dot , and .
i called out his name , loudly , and he stopped , and walked over .
he smiled back , and walked away .
i thanked him and gave him a free pass , then another .
he turned to his loudly and told her .
or maybe the owner 's daughter . ''
they came over , and we walked to the office .
as she sat , the looked up at me , crying .
she always called and said she was unable to make changes , etc , because her boss never backed .
it was a issue issue , but she was still the one suffering .
i love silence , as it 's much worse than words .
he said he knew several things had been done wrong , or not done at all .
i handed her the box of ! moved and behind her , her shoulders shoulders .
i spoke , and asked her when she had got there , even though i knew .
i told her that the lines were her fault , but not to worry about the other stuff .
she gave me a hug and left .
i looked at the work and smiled .
he was years my senior , and had always been a weak me , meets expectations .
so , i gave my job a ever .
it was a u visit from the minute i told in , and i went down .
i told him i 'd see him soon , and shook his hand .
$ NUM , nothing wrong with that either .
i figure i 'm one of the few sober ones , so i always try to play a while .
i was down about $ NUM , so i figured i 'd play until the blind , then leave .
the table had been raising often , and it did , to the max .
the flop came .
i called , and NUM others raised it to the max .
i do n't know what the next two cards were , except there were three clubs , and NUM .
one of 'em raised again , so i called .
the mad 's cards turned , um , a NUM and a NUM ?
$ NUM pot , i think .
i am $ NUM late last year , and i now sit at $ NUM , a new high .
and i honestly do n't think i 'm very good .
talk to you later , friends .
- cheesy , arrested - tutorial NUM , NUM since your vote for pleasure .
tonight at church we had a going away party for the .
i do n't want to do it again , so i wo n't say much .
they added so much to our .
k. enough of that .
after church i went to work 's with the teens .
i have no money so i could n't get anything .
we decided we 're gon na see the midnight showing of the village tomorrow .
: - but it should be fun .
might be going to the beach in the morning with fried too .
prepare to humble yourselves there 's a happening outside city of hall city right now .
as people are to change , there are loud and sometimes arguments from both in .
we are .
without proper care and control of fields and fields , our children will have no place to play .
much of this back to the other union this hates children '' argument from our , ignorant .
you 'll note that item c is the one to the potential to .
yeah that .
i stayed out of town during last summer , but next year ?
recently , taco , a massage from florida with me a product with .
the other link was to future , an organization organization to the of of .
a treat or snack , usually sent to soldiers where are none available .
evidence of for or .
shit the tits up : v .
it went tits up outside .
to of people who are weight without benefit , as if from a - .
take a knee , drink water : v .
i mean it was the same type of ride i was about to get on the for the .
that was something else .
i was shocked , but it felt good .
somehow it died down and yesterday the office me comes up on my cell without ringing .
i check my messages and i hear his voice he sounded different like he was sick .
i do n't know if i want to call back .
i mean he did things that other guys had always on on .
example : if you say your going to call back just do it or do n't say it .
its ridiculous , but after the past couple years in my dating world that was a big deal .
i really believe the is fitting .
are the best thing to happen to phones .
i i am currently working on a project about germany , and .
i know i sound eager , but i am .
i chatted with some friends and family and that 's about it .
the arm that i got the shot for the bite is killing me .
the bite looks much better the is going away and so has the .
thinking about all sorts of things like : NUM .
how can i increase my savings before moving to ?
trying to make sure i pay off all my minor .
through god all things are possible .
i am going to sign off and try to go to bed .
i have n't worked on my photography since last weekend .
i do n't really know what i want to shoot .
ps : i am really liking the new years cd .
i need to give this blog some life .
which he did n't .
the of me being there is around about zero .
came in to work with the absolute worst hangover in the entire world i could barely move this morning .
will report back tonight or tomorrow .
tomorrow at work i bet i see a cleaning lady with my pen !
faith .
my husband must be in work or something .
the online guide to records is just is what it says on the .
pic of me singing at the texas state fair back in NUM
where are you .
nothing !
a hit me over the head with a pot today , but i do n't think that is .
i guess my husband really did !
this blog does care about those forgotten in ; it tells story .
those are not the kinds of things people have been told about el .
new york , new york NUM
how about we what we 'll do for new year 's and not teddy christmas .
if so , going out or having an in evening house ?
and who else except , , and me is considering going to ?
, want to join ?
so , who thinks what ?
anyway , all turns out okay .
ironically , the same days was .
there is justice in the world .
we had a fifth floor room an elevator ride and steps away from the swimming pool .
sarah us on the way home with work i do n't have any school tomorrow ! ''
talked the .
what do ya 'll think ?
sarah seemed to settle in nicely , but was n't too sure .
and a longer schedule .
there are still only NUM students in the office .
jan - i would give money for that picture of .
but i bet he 's got a .
ya 'll have a good one .
who or what is them .
why does it seem so obvious that there is more than one of them ?
or , if one leaves , will he , she , or it bring back friends ?
had it much easier with that by .
and humid , and no air conditioning .
i saw the school of by by .
thank god for .
why am i so obsessed with posting .
you 'll never leave me , right ?
i should have built it up or at least used a little in my voice .
that would have done the trick .
turn around every now and then i get a little bit lonely and you 're never coming to the
it 's the . tyler version , not that from the 's .
many of my plans are being affected by the fact that i 'm broke .
i should use this week to read the book ashley and i chose for our first official book club .
i love this guy , loved , as the cool kids call it .
i just used hear love '' NUM times .
i need to start working over real people , real in the sense that i actually know them .
let s get started .
we re a rock band with damn near .
i won t get into it here .
nothing is boston city enough for the .
they re never really to by to name .
she , too , get .
on her head , she wears this white super white .
don t get me wrong she s not in the same class as the or the bunny hat or the
the lady - oh boy .
imagine a player who s understanding of is light years beyond that of most mere .
i have never heard once her in any key whatsoever .
added to that , she like a cartoon character and has no concept of gate turns .
he often follows behind the band during in his in white van .
sometimes she burns this is sean s older brother kyle s band .
my husband skills pale in comparison .
newest in a long line of all around decent guy .
the kid plays with nintendo amounts of energy goddamn if you you don t dance .
?
he has a for session on tuesday nights in .
he sings and plays guitar that s right , christian .
he s one of the only people i met independent of sean .
he usually comes with a bunch of jokes and stories good times .
she s a big ray as well among other .
the bum believe it or not , near the , there s an angry bum .
abby my my guitar so that s that .
i was so sore sweet jesus .
i used my day the only way i knew hard .
meantime , i m gon na make the most of the rest of my day by doing absolutely nothing .
you could hear his limited in screaming and father , stinks ca n't you give him a little .
said for a day or two before the body was discovered , he noticed a .
if you are being .
always have a and do n't be afraid to talk about his '' arguments .
's .
if so write on at dot it .
with all this atkins and car stuff i 've totally in writing my blog in !
and as for the atkins thing , i 'm still going strong .
just another week or two to go and i can change my diet a bit and start taking in the
i 'm a bit nervous .
i 'm crossing my fingers .
i was over late last night for a ' .
working NUM jobs is harder then i thought .
also , i 'm looking into drinking league schools .
my mom and are encouraging an to and one - as late i could n't agree more .
see that leaf in the net ?
although the net is kind of heavy , it 's pretty fun .
out of curiosity , why is this so important to you ?
johnny depp is a fine example of anything , i agree .
on .
too much straight hair , pink tops , tight jeans with out .
NUM . my life sucks .
i love it , gold gold gold
you are friendly , happy , social , , and can , up any one 's day .
you 're nature makes nature you get and your / looks are sweet and stand out .
brought to you by
i go for price when i visit the grocery store .
the other day , the .
they were only NUM cents per pound more , so i brought them home .
usually , i ca n't get my kids to finish a whole banana , and a lot goes to the
the taste must be the reason .
my is already crying out in pain because i know more produce is to follow .
although , i 'm trying not to get my hopes up too much .
so anyway , testing at NUM may be a little early .
i 'll test tomorrow because finding out on new year 's eve would be cool .
i feel pretty good about it this month .
that 's my highest from after the one that was another by outside .
hopefully , a big fat positive for me and no for - saw .
and not that she has normally perfect with no with .
if anyone is waiting found this on the a discussion board .
is just that good .
all NUM episodes are scheduled to air we think .
apparently it 's a big ol ' secret and no one will know it 's coming back until it .
that 's right .
and actually there are some pretty sweet out there .
here 's the office rides i 've been as of late .
finally , this is the one .
the .
it totally is that kick ass into my folks with the budget of today .
i 'm going to go home now and prepare myself to hear my father say no .
at least the water was blue and calm , yet cold !
hope it 's not what i hope it is .
i 'll sleep for two whole days .
things like , what did what happen to .
seems like a cool guy meet wil .
i stayed up late last night to watch final destination NUM .
the movie was ok i guess .
there 's this one scene
the human body is much more than that .
ok , i 'm eating peanut butter out of the jar .
i got a lot of stuff done today .
my ass will be getting bigger if i do n't stop it with this peanut butter but it is not
my dad was picking up the wedding gift for alex and erin and nathan was gon na pick it .
i 'm jealous that i 'll be missing the wedding how many times have i said that already .
i hope they like the ?
i figured .
i think it 's partly to do with the fact that i am tired of hating them .
mainly i just hate certain aspects about guys .
paul is incredibly .
i think deeply and he really likes little who women in this way .
but the real issue is : do i want to be with a guy like that ?
too bad for him .
i 'll ask my sister and erin about it later and see what they think .
i 'm so worried i 'll make the wrong decision and then something better will come along and i will
fucking hell i hate trying to sort out my man problems .
people with bad habits often do n't really get pleasure from it , what the negative you are .
it is sure to expect to to their completely .
i would to urge can lead to frustration and inner statements like i ca n't stand this .
take this into .
are two are '' in that they can only see .
imagine that someone very close to you is the very urge you are experiencing .
scroll an myself from not doing what i should n't do .
, NUM , NUM , rather , NUM .
the result is an incredibly spoon which can handle including practices of information amounts .
what is where - live will depend on the information that is in , and this will from this .
homer was makes in horrible in one .
he allowed jeff .
what does this mean to ?
they will not win game NUM . ''
he said this over and over .
well , i hope you are right .
now we need to win one of one or the numbers are heavily .
here is a rather nice picture that matt took of me in prince island on july NUM .
: today we 're going to aaron 's to watch some silly college football game .
okay , if that does n't get a comment i do n't know what will .
where 'd i put 'em ?
something that starts with p. : i made pie yesterday .
one bad thing about today : i have a damn cold sore .
one good thing about today : andrew is here .
i say and you think ?
- who has - well done via red - queen graduate - graduate
your goofy grin and the way you call me kid .
the way you joke and talk with me there is no one with whom i would rather be .
i am the friend who will always be not the one you will come to on knee .
the first time i quit by married and meant it , i switched to orange and juice orange .
by that point in the night , of course , nothing would matter except the things i could n't have
sun a gorgeous day here .
other than that this is a beautiful town .
i did n't like it .
not too sure if i can deal with working there .
so with that in mind , i was bummed out coming home .
a high tone car here in town here wants to interview me .
monday - friday .
the of satan of satan .
hopefully , should i get this job and i should because i am totally for it , things .
just might consider it .
ok i 'm done .
frankly , i think it 's a little to have the annual to awards ceremony tomorrow .
si un post it this
probably the best thing to ever come out of uni .
we all made the most of the sun and this outside .
it smells and tastes of dog food .
the evening went .
boys restaurant thought beatles land rose niece noble easily
never claimed i was normal .
some people in the corporate corporate '' world have the impression that is a strange , world .
oh , and did i mention how the ocean in the office when i look at it out .
last night i spent a good of time on the phone and online with a mystery with friend hollywood .
i 'm looking forward to it .
she ; the hills roll soft and gentle .
trees stretch their fingers toward the orchestra sky .
the wind will reach out his finger , that to most of and pub from fall over the .
to .
well , almost happy thanksgiving .
i woke up really excited about the holiday .
today is my brothers birthday .
i hope that his fellow soldiers are doing something nice for him today .
then tomorrow he has to spend thanksgiving eating under a tent with his fellow army brothers .
i told my mom that i am going to arrive at home in a good mood , with a few
i will do my best .
i always look forward to going out gay in .
plus , i am fresh meat to them , so the guys tend to on me a bit of the
then on friday night we will go out and do it all over again .
that night my parents are taking me to see the christmas spectacular show at radio city music hall .
they definitely the way to start the christmas season .
although the holidays are not nearly as wonderful with my brother being gone , there are still events to be
what do you eat for your thanksgiving dinner ?
the sorta !
i say yes !
i feel so grateful for so many things .
my boyfriend paul my friends especially you !
and most of all i am grateful to god for giving me all of this .
and thank you to those who work so hard at bringing god into other peoples lives .
make the best of it and eat your face off !
we will continue to hear about for the years to come when ever they need a to .
i still have hope though , we are not the dead '' in you yet , will equal .
i am by the news of another person .
i love ed and again , ca n't imagine my life without him .
so when i hear all these people what is each being done in iraq out i am .
they the ones their lives , leaving their families and putting their lives in god 's hands .
pretty good interview with the author of , michael .
what 's the cleaning staff at my hotel doing ?
great post on the spoon content jack ass to the the way who wrote the initial comment i give to
after reading blogs for so long and posting once or twice , i 'm taking the NUM .
: guess i 'm a butterfly butterfly '' !
for the for playing of .
ok , i 've seriously heard everything now .
i 'm looking forward to bill he will be good
it was an . series causing , fans bite to all their nails off , including their for !
why ca n't they grow up and act like adults ?
this story describes the actions of the boston truck fans after last nights win .
what is so fun about swearing cars over , beer bottles safe over all the place and causing thousands .
what is wrong with the fans .
yep , for NUM more weeks .
i 'm pretty excited about this .
alas , i fear i will have to road trip to catch it .
they tell me my early prime is neither a time for sexual on nor a place for a .
they tell me its time to drink the downtown midnight shots with happy for hour .
more sober friends , my / / .
let 's go back to the beginning , of years , to that of little pond in of the
you get what i mean .
the next night was the to .
then you say .
`` why . .
i am terrified and fear you may direct this energy onto my person .
why '' why you are suddenly as and tender .
sadly , no one knows be exactly '' .
she is so need that is all i have to say about that .
ideally - take two to the office , the glass is half full .
to the engineer , the glass is twice as big as it needs to be .
anyway have to go now and get shit faced two all .
that would be a virtual version of the man practices i am god '' .
the original letter in it 's is here is .
here i am , right now .
like it did n't happen at all ?
or to be more accurate , yesterday .
so i woke up at half past ten .
spent the rest of the day not doing nothing much .
there went the time .
good thing i do n't have class tomorrow or else i 'd be sleep walking again .
so when i put myself in her shoes , i myself have not been myself in the past few years
but truly deep down i am not who i am this might be a for many of the .
in my entire life school , i have NUM friends who one time or another have me .
i was also many times when it comes to team games and i would not mind being able to be
in order to gain acceptance , i myself in swimming the school in the swimming competition but never .
so there you have it my real me .
a man this might also ask what true focus is these days .
being to bacon yesterday is an obvious on my google search result , it that he is that .
i started with a towards the word .
i will promised you that in the future i will explain a little bit more about the word .
where i see it , it from left from sector to .
with an open , one cant help but think what is this thing ?
is it a head ?
son of the only true god , wise living god .
to my job , it was a big insult !
there was nothing i looked more forward to than with the - the from to .
through our personal personal to make our lives more complete , on our own , we found .
we were on the phone together , about sweet .
i care about her much .
nothing on earth makes me happier than to know that my baby was taken care of content .
conversations before after this night heavily on the subject of sex and its .
responded , is truth a ?
it took me quite some time before i realized what the truth was .
for his for example of the . necessary to be a complete christian .
i am not the light and have never claimed to be .
one day i hope to be perfect man .
i have felt things that i did not know existed .
every corner of my heart speaks your name .
perhaps we could survive a .
you are my greatest to and my best friend .
please pray for them and their safe return as surely we are living in the last days .
the .
got ta go study , will write again when i have more time .
or , the lack of any amusement at all ?
the ups and downs of day to day .
from the way they are laying sleeping in the bed , to them being all out on the .
and not allowed to make near the amount of noise kids make ?
things that do n't even matter .
god give me strength to make it through one more day
i 'm sure he finds some of our prayers amusing at times also .
courage to change the things i can .
strange how somethings just , stick !
i still fall back on this one .
do n't get me wrong , they are good kids .
lol my almost NUM year old reminds me of the little boy from from '' .
-rrb- himself on and everyone around him , and then into your lap and tells you he .
* sigh * then there 's my NUM years old , god bless his little heart !
he is so confused about a lot of things .
not quite a child anymore .
or , homer you 're not old enough to do or act that way ! ''
i still can relate to the frustration , mine are just a bit different now .
he acts as if the weight of the world is on his back all the time .
he worries about everything .
btw , that was when he was $ NUM .
there 's a job to all of us .
it had it all kinds to make up this old world ! ''
i ca n't feel sorry for those that do n't have him to lean on .
brings to mind the great my song , ' . com prayers . ''
not a vicious circle , as you can tell .
i 'm not going to work .
and i do believe in , .
may god bless you , if that 's okay ?
fairy fairy : lessons to be learned ?
snow white -- n't we feel just a little sorry for snow white 's evil ?
as for snow white herself : a complete .
they have been merely because they tried to build their houses of something a little more than a .
-- bad hair day , and the engagement was off .
she married the first prince charming who kissed her after for a hundred years .
would n't you think she 'd have a cup of coffee before .

the ugly -- fairy tale that made perfect sense to all .
an odd duck is into a family of birds , which makes fun of him for being different .
i guess i did n't .
i guess it goes with the whole ! respect '' thing .
comes with the children of living by one 's own rules i suppose .
hey all just wanted to drop you a line and let you know that i 've started a .
and i have n't been out to bar in a while graduate school keeps you busy like that .
it 's started , it 's not so hot -- yet -- and it 's a work in progress .
basically , it will be me being my self that i always am .
i also wanted to put out a .
i am not one to others .
let me know what you would prefer .
they still give out a lot of the same old awards and the student awards are just as funny .
: hope you all had wonderful days !
passion and tears so i finally gave in and watched the passion on friday night with and .
i cried at least half the time , especially during the .
the passion just is and i ca n't recommend that anyone see it or do n't see it .
just do n't expect to understand more of a something or even understand less .
that 's not what it was to me , but you 'd be the judge .
i know that i 'm behind the on this on , but i like to think about things before i
the are by news .
i get the conspiracy the most the easily .
. , for the most part , do n't make much money .
the combination of these two years on social night in entering the profession , and those that do are not
know constantly come in contact with information .
if you 're the cnn NUM exit poll data there is an increase in liberal voting as many time .
you will recall that i mentioned above that there was a strong between urban voting and twelve liberal .
therefore it might be that the office effects are not due to the profession of journalism , but of the
therefore , it is reasonable to some one of the in the in the effects of the .
the would be to increase out .
personally , i question whether the has any an real effect .
i would be surprised to see the same difference as was described for the regular and .
police are searching for a man who has been stealing from soccer fields in indiana .
they have also released a picture of the suspect , posted below .
what values true not using software in designed , say , for the male population - the .
one of the problems is that for formal building contract , i base on the user group user .
who is it is effective for ? ''
she told me about a talk she saw by someone from microsoft the process the of the .
i wonder what our presence in china is , compared to other search options .
i get to give blood , whack off in a cup and get my balls felt up and my own
as well as talk about a few other things that are a result of my i mean i heard .
i would house already !
but i just spoke to a friend of mine and we discussed things about my virtual hand .
just . to a house here in .
but then again i will get by as always .
sleep now in the fire !
today my of NUM years told me '' your not that .
i do anything share things to him anymore believe me i have had .
i mean other for your my life .
get on get board .
i think i would rather live alone then have someone else create my misery .
im a simple girl .
i just want to be loved .
i pray to god to heal him and be patient with me and him .
i do know how much longer i can stay and pray .
i cant believe he said im no longer that .
i have always wanted a long term relationship and i never seem to get it .
i gave birth to our son on october NUM .
i was the first one to the funeral home .
i kept them for some baby reason .
dumb never thought i would meet anyone after he died that compared to him and that i had to be
i think maybe its time for a .
hehe , play with it !
i also forgot to eat dinner again .
clearly neither one is happening tonight
i 'm keeping my fingers crossed !
i decided this year that i would plant a small garden .
i thought that it would be a great little project for me , and the results would taste good .
in the area that i live there are unfortunately a lot of kids .
now growing up , i was taught that i should respect other people 's property and things .
you would also think that if you talked to the sahara of the children then they would them .
all they do is sit on their ass and say that they are not responsible for their kids ' .
when it comes down to it , it 's not really the kids fault if they do n't know .
might not be an appropriate answer .
nice java stuff for adding a bit animation to your site and you can download and use the .
particularly like the water - move your mouse over the image for added effect .
beauty is in courage , in attempting to make a difference in the face of fear .
beauty is in forgiveness , the of the truly powerful .
beauty is in sorrow , that experience working which your humanity .
beauty itself in a whole lot more things than dare we expect to find it .
beauty is in knowing this , in craving more , in being by it .
so apparently the cat , along with the dishes we put out , has disappeared .
the one i 'm working on is almost NUM lines long and only half way through .
mark to the rescue i .
i just want to be ' in with my abby and a cat .
many many many thanks , i 's
ok well i 'll now continue my weekend story .
after the bars we walked back to the baby .
the next morning we slept in and then got ready and headed out to the cape .
it was there that i finally was able to do what i had wanted to do since we got to
i checked around and not one place rented them .
we were n't cops and could n't get the the bikes above NUM .
it 's what new england should look like or at least what i expected it to look like .
one thing that was interesting was that there were a lot of .
had even some this girl come up to me .
was a new state for me to go to , and on the way back i was able to be
gives you an idea of just how the state the can be .
we get to sleep after NUM am .
i also used to teach high school through seniors through 's pen magazine .
i really enjoy teaching because i like to be of use and i enjoy the with reading of the .
when you have to try to see fiction writing through another 's approach or point of view , you have
there are , of course , a number of ways in which teaching can go wrong .
and my own technique in teaching has become more over the years .
the most other rule that you must follow as an instructor is not to approach your approach on the
that said , understanding a student 's approach does not mean you should a big from that .
honesty , however , does not mean toward the student in question .
for my own part , i 've found that most students respond much better to questions to than a .
or homer did you mean for this character 's actions to be ? ''
can be the beginning of a positive conversation about a in the writing .
some people believe that should the world of publishing , in every which is constant even .
ultimately , the students will respect your to admit to a mistake , but obvious .
generally , the major weakness of the story is the most useful element by which to eventually discuss the
it is wise to correct this in about from day one , in front of the group .
your job is to the .
for one thing , no one can really ?
it 's very nice , and it puts the instructor in the role of playing god , to an
finally , you may very rarely find yourself unable to help a student .
you have you lived since heart has by ripped you a new one , '' for example .
by their by very nature are stressful enough without the student to to stress .
i guess i have a lot of explaining to do .
so there were interviews .
to make a long story short , on december NUM , NUM , i was hired for both jobs .
this means that for every solid hour of the , we 're looking at about six to eight years .
but i am getting the by fire crash course in taking direction ' .
but that 's not all .
i am , again , a film , tv and special events lighting for a very large event .
on the , up until a few weeks ago , i was still going to the workshop .
i 'll get into that at another time .
which , of course , is another long story .
in the past year and a half , i have developed a strong for the egg salad sandwich .
the bit of salt does the trick ; it makes the egg salad .
ideally , , a , a b , c , d and .
the egg salad sandwich is a great lunch item because it sets you up for a delicious , and i
but it 's the next best thing .
the woman doing the next kept man it really hard through my side trying to get you to move .
dang , he really wanted me to join the fairy word back in the days when there were not .
and now , to my answers , it seems that the time issue has finally killed the story i have
only do what you 're good at , right ?
* sigh * anyway , the trip went well and i had a really good time .
actually , when he wanted my opinion on some of his and from his characters , i nearly fell .
and i 'm not going to change .
and i just want to go back .
last night was the last fireworks display we will get to enjoy from the comfort of home .
becky says .
the important thing is that it is fixed .
well , i sold my first web quiz that i got from rights of .
this is looking like a . source products of products .
play on a boat tomorrow .
i got ta get outta here '' is there a can i borrow ? ''
also by fabulous i mean by the end of the night , i was saying things like holy size .
we were so drunk here remember ?
turning and seeing guy me : .
what .
looks like the truth comes out after all not like they were hiding it from us .
i have been reading e for the last month or so .
now the second reason i completely understand .
what does of this mean here ?
if the allow us to spread spoon , then we would not have in them .
does n't that seem a little and ?
how about something , ?
i 'm at a bit of a loss
-rrb- eye in the , .
a mistake to believe they could be found on waking .
oh , it was a fantastic day in chicago even though the weather chose to be somewhat .
lots of beer was enjoyed at various as , as a was lot of food : the billy goat .
, the 's bear , and for field 's random junk food .
big a had all the guys around us cheering at the game .
hey .
homer depp , swing ! ''
never , ever enough cheap beer .
no red or yellow .
all she needs is love and a good home !
i will be drinking and partying in your honor .
'' co - - those past couple of photos have been from mark .
i did n't get his name when posting those pictures .
pink bunny is nursing .
onto other topics of interest or not .
somehow this gave my crazy brain the idea that i was in control . ''
he 'll have to climb out himself .
my cousin graduated from high school today .
i did n't get to watch him because i was working what 's new ?
i curse , i love it but i have some respect for the parents .
i 've had lindsay on my mind constantly .
a constant beating a low hum what will happen next ?
he 's keeping his distance and doing a good job of it .
i guess i feel him saying goodbye to me .
i 'm worn out .
this is probably my favorite .
there was a group of kids there selling for their local for club .
she had apparently eaten something sweet that had gotten onto her bike .
i 'm not sure how i 'm feeling today .
don said i was even in my sleep .
i truly want to cry .
it 's my friend 's birthday 's and we 're going to work san in san diego .
hopefully , we 'll taste some good beer and win some money on the .
i figure $ is a good amount to play with .
's to say it one evening
apparently , working entertainment group !
after all , it 's blood money !
the man has proven he 's not afraid of using the press and to religion create to .
here are the answers and scores to the challenge 's NUM .
in children 's fiction , which character was created by ?
which is the first indian company to have its own life ?
which modern day country in the middle east is the site of the world 's known .
speaking night , i agree with her NUM .
costello : lord had one eye one , arm one and leg one .
; - NUM .
aura : start me up .
aura : .
in the NUM .
complete this line , taken from a century classic .
and now the scores !
the winner of this 's challenge is !
* sigh * i never thought i would say that but i 'm saying it .
i 'm begining to think that is more of a than anything .
it scares me more than anything .
i just do n't think there is love anymore - on either side .
i 've lost hope .
* the , we 're about to work 's by great drug experiment of december NUM : NUM .
should i survive the experience , i will share it with all .
that would be my friend .
i don t really feel up to doing anything productive today .
yesterday i took my mom to visit my job s in .
grandma is not as sharp as she used to be .
he is lonely for conversation with people and grandma gets by it , but more on this later .
her anxiety levels are unbelievable and start to when the decision to make a road trip is made a .
he hates cars as well .
just imagine what impact that has on me , the .
the car took two trips .
i forgot to mention that our intentions were to leave early in the morning .
i usually like to sleep in on the weekend .
rather than risk asking that question , i dropped the water of and water out walked the door without the
i looked at the clock .
'' ' '' do we have any eggs ? ''
scroll i guess you don t have time to bring some up from the store before you go .
my mom , sammy and i left the apartment and headed down the galleries .
i am t going to let her get away with with out of the trip .
of course , this would be my fault , for getting melissa some eggs and taking them up to the
that s my trick to getting to work on time each day .
: o the drive was pretty quiet until i got onto the from the NUM to the .
i was doing NUM .
if i had been driving alone , i could have made that at work or NUM NUM carbs easy .
in fact , i was even driving a different route than i would normally take .
i know t sure if i was ready for the ?
it was almost when we arrived at the end of the NUM only to see that we were .
our only option was to continue , straight ahead on highway NUM .
i forgot that my mother is nervous on two lane .
it was only NUM : .
not only was i tired , but i was very hungry .
at least for about the first hour .
one needs a new battery and the other one that does have a battery battery t appear to be a
that is however , if she can raise her voice above my grandpa s .
i found the whole experience exhausting .
i did open them when i heard my husband pregnant something about not me my being pop .
they convinced me to lay down on grandma bed s and have a nap and so i did .
an hour later , i felt like a new person .
i made the wedding and the for the return to trip began .
the trip home was only an hour and a half .
i don t really feel like doing anything at all today though .
i just moved into the office -- it 's been painted and and moved around a little , i have
here 's where you come in !
do you draw or paint or or take pictures or do other things are that along those lines are .
cat poop , or stick people , anything !
also if you have any other this and random office ideas , let me have them !
huge it was never seen so many outside a fire house and the water was hot .
after a while was ready so i put my lips on his cock and made him cum for the
i felt .
i so wish i really owned him .
all in all a wonderful time .
but by this time we were would fast somewhat
end of day NUM up and off to the all NUM of us
angel got angel my breakfast and i was very happy about it .
i 'm too easy on and to hard on angel .
i just decided to hold my and try to get along with her .
so even tho angel did n't seem overly happy i jumped for joy and called .
we stopped at 's one of my favorite stores .
let me be there - curly - john
i am excited that they made the trip safely .
we are going to rent movies and play games and have a great time together .
in the .
of course , the term group recall '' immediately brings to mind california and the .
the audience is meant to think , . the horror !
how could he do this !
this is not the case in .
may have may against bush , but he probably will against kerry too .
he .
welcome to the blog !
please note : only members can post on these pages .
there is a wide variety of information about at .
for more information about visit their home page .
find wallet , find that little breath of breath this thought you 'd lost .
look hungry , smile .
sit at desk , check wall street journal for stock price , boot up computer .
at least it 's friday .
things booth was born at NUM : NUM pm today at women 's hospital .
and is NUM inches long .
alright , i suppose you can look even if you were there .
it was quite good .
it does that mean one must leave the republican party in order to fight for ?
it has been NUM hours since my last cigarette .
quitting has been kind of tough , but not as bad as i thought it might be .
after NUM days , all the .
not very much compared to most i know .
i am an addict .
it 's a dirty , , stupid habit and i do n't need it anymore .
also , i have been trying to drink more water because all the info i have read on quitting .
that would be a good thing to have around
me : '' ok , so you ca n't work up .
customer : . it ai n't the password . ''
the name of his domain also included the word . ''
i will post up some pictures of the entire collection once they all get here .
i am half tempted to put one on my own card , lol .
still cameras NUM with a new and a .
this is a full blown that just takes great pictures .
symbol - it takes pictures with very colors which is the main reason i bought it .
this not an older camera but is totally cool .
it takes four pictures in .
it was dirt cheap so even if it does n't work it will still be cool to display and .
trust me , the clothes fit differently and there is a difference .
anyway , at least i have a record .
do n't get me wrong .
friends who have no family in the .
if all else fails , i 'm going to go to the beach and torture celebrating families with my own
i thought said , .
i jumped - i mean , that had to hurt .
i think i 'm alone now thank god !
and now they 're all gone !
i had lisa , tim , and josh .
so , .
i got an from saying chad was at starbucks on friday .
like , as in the starbucks ?
wrote back and was like , .
just kidding !
my phone was useless most of the day and i could n't get in touch with until like the
with NUM , NUM people , it 's not difficult to lose people .
i found myself a stalker - some guy who kept finding me at different .
or just did n't care .
we ran into matt on the street after - how random !
plus , i had on my legs from where people had stepped on me during the music .
i know i 'm little , but i take up matter and space too , people !
sunday we went out to celebrate josh and evan 's birthdays .
; - anyhoo , enough - baby before i better find an outfit to dance in .
the shows will be in two box in sets , with a separate release for 's .
i mail me !
thankfully i am for the weekend to camp creek up in new york .
i really need it .
which the question , what the fuck am i still doing .
i 'll be at peace , because thats my scene and in my scene , nothing else matters .
anyway , hope everyone is doing well .
one of these sites , , was found to be registered in .
for example , it is still .
concerned in are in clueless about any such event .
so the possibility that the had some for remains open for because of his choice of city .
it 's just a little bit too hot these days .
and justin will be here , and me are and planning a ' in the park and .
just need to get over the next NUM hours and then i will be fine .
i have to agree with chase , though , based on my personal experience in these situations .
the guys who had to stay at the mission for a minute were usually pretty grateful for what they have
for me , it 's just not what i need .
i have seen several of my friends from drift the fellowship they were attending , start going to the
these are merely my wife , right where too , i 'm not trying to anyone or anything .
just !
it 's like how only black people can get away with to highschool old black folk art .
give me some slack .
we hear about . porn , porn s , porn reality , etc etc
i want to see a guy and a girl having sex our performing works in poetry .
but forgive this , one to another to .
the times were rough .
yeah baby . baby . !
so much will go into what i will say these words can never be .
do it baby before the lean in before hands hold before mouth list meets you got a .
i 've got possibly exciting news .
she said my name popped into her head when the was made was .
i 'm really hoping this works out for a number of reasons : NUM .
i 'll get all the work individually off .
i 'll have the weekend off .
my only condition right now is pay .
i 've been ready to leave my current job for awhile .
anyway , today we had to wear a suit .
not too long , not too short , just right .
parts of a breakfast orange juice bread audio was fav 's review lift and blogging and
the key to being a is not setting the bar to high .
he graduated in may NUM and proceeded to go NUM months without a job .
because as a you always get a NUM day weekend .
and he will be back i too am currently a .
although it was nice to have money after NUM months i m back .
i m NUM months in and every minute every of it .
sometimes it s hard but the what can be great .
the key is to appear busy and act like your trying while really doing nothing .
top NUM people to turn to : NUM .
later this month why homeless people smell like .
this morning at NUM , we fought for independence and we won !
he also had a large number of spears and threes made .
the people were encouraged by these words of their king .
in this way the priest shall offer the sacrifice for the sin , and he will be .
you 're a casual !
what kind of are you ?
i 'm sure that will join the army after reading this one .
unfortunately for it 's a us .
i stumbled upon in again at a used store book in east , whilst visiting my sister at the
even my sister has read it , and she 's usually too busy to do anything but work .
so today i did everything - , , bottles , the store the floor .
it 's so frustrating though , having a college degree and being a .
but i 'd need more pay and more hours to justify leaving 's for them .
not to mention , i do n't think they 'd provide any benefits .
and where is that ?
so i think .
sometimes , i think i am really lucky ;
the may times should get a job or two in this one .
life is a journey .
it may seem like the same pull you away from the one the true path '' but that is not
the pistons offered an interesting package to me on my last long run .
today 's comes out of that thought train .
it is ok to be distracted as long as i am not my responsibilities .
this is me , playing on my
there are five months between us
here 's why .
it feels good to be out here .
from the love of hopeless causes album i dont know why i put it here .
i told you i was never gon na give in to that .
i do believe there is a happy medium .
almost awake , but half asleep , i try to memories from the of my mind .
strange , disturbing , and .
in a world full of failure and hearts , i now begin to understand there is never .
i could study it .
beauty and forgotten so that it may be on the office their .
until then , i am left in anticipation for the next or encounter to recover a memory .
i 'm finally in florida !
thinking about going into real that who knows !
i can take over the world if i wanted .
i 'm kinda proud of myself that my story made the front cover .
today is the three week mark .
however , the . for the show sometimes have into expecting into things that never .
that would be a shame .
i would n't be surprised to see .
johnny sack is another prime candidate to take a dive in the death pool .
tony may want to see a strike on johnny .
uncle junior 's has got to have tony concerned .
and it was junior who ordered the hit on tony back in season NUM .
if junior is from , i hope he gets to sing first , like he did at the end .
also , and .
however , is dearly beloved among of the show , so to the final might make him flame .
his daughter towards work at least a practices .
the trees on the way to work are full of them and they are loud .
but it got me thinking how do they know when to start and when to stop ?
it 's like .
how do you know how long to ?
who is the brave soul who great , that 's enough .
who would and then decides that should also stop a because that guy did ?
makes you wonder does n't it ?
they are every where .
maybe if north and south korea ever they will put the santa .
, , and are so oh . ''
he has a bad cold and just needs to get lots of rest and drink .
they wanted him to go to the hospital !
what kind of medicine you ask ?
they have and pills for everything , it 's unbelievable .
they said he is very strong and brave .
it drives me .
from this , it 's very easy to make a job with argument pulling out of iraq .
will kerry pull a and pull all us forces out on the NUM ?
i try to view everything from every possible point of view before i pass on it .
but have i ever found a republican candidate who i vote d for ?
there are just certain things that i will never understand .
let me say that i think abortion is disgusting , and that i would personally never have one .
i truly believe that .
maybe my husband had something to do with it .
i am completely against abortion , however .
to base our entire future on one issue is just plain ignorant to me .
and while we re at it , you can not force your religion on people , either .
unfortunately , many conservatives are against abortion , and also against sex education in the classroom .
because it .
why is it so horrible to our children to make informed decisions ?
you re an idiot .
since NUM , NUM people in NUM states have been released from death row with evidence of their .
to their friends and families , that is probably is all the more .
another thing i will never understand the whole debate .
besides , why is it any different if they live together or are officially married ?
maybe it s the whole .
i can not imagine ever someone based on the color of their skin , their , or .
because we re all human .
do n't throw the bullshit at me , either .
it 's a sin ! ''
if there is a god , let him do the the , and teach tolerance to your children .
the america i love is based to justice and for all .
am i so crazy to think that ?
so the replies manager : , the son of the head of community .
ups you listening to me ?
repeat what i said earlier , did you hear me talking about that earlier ?
: so you know that .
NUM or so done , NUM or so to go .
it 's good seeing my friends and being around them .
speaking of history , i finally got an email from my wedding today , and things look .
what does n't make me happy is that he 's out of town until august .
more reports as they become available and i have internet access .
i rather liked it , and war went and linked us 'cause of it .
i needed a today .
the sun is shining , theres football on the .
down six pounds this week , and thats even after the heavy that me up .
it feels good to take care of myself .
maybe i never make we up some for the for the night for the night .
something outside of my usual .
as i promised , i 've been watching the olympics .
it is done by scott who is on the us swimming team .
it has been fun to see the games from the 's point of view .
i 've probably enjoyed the swimming the most up until this point .
we watched win the gold in work on sunday .
the kids are getting into it as well .
life is life a series of dogs . ''
other than that i had a pretty great day !
woohoo when i heard that i was sure as hell as it 's another chance to fly !
but in the meantime i am feeling kinda the stress now cos need to prepare something for the conference .
i was pretty sure it was here cos she has loads of pictures at her site as i was .
hope he does n't read this , he 's pretty , could probably cause some serious damage to the
this coming sunday i will have to choose whether i am a bastard or a .
neither is better than the other , and i believe problems either way .
i do not envy anyone these kinds of choices .
i hear some of the damage either way .
my concern is the teddy damage i 'll cause .
sidenote - how does life get so much harder when there are other people involved ?
here she is going off on the all too . discussion over at re .
class now and again .
yes , she was a messy guest just like my teenagers .
we have married and our breasts are n't .
we value our . and on a more open than our to and - etc ''
long post coming soon
well i have one view on it and only one .
come on the only one that has the rights to this child was his mother or his father .
today is the of june .
my training in england will be the of july .
current temp .
i will soon be getting in touch with everyone about the start of my for this office today .
have a blessed day sarah
you are about to pay the penalty for .
somewhere on the planet , a tv for just died .
maybe , just maybe , a style magazine .
we guess opinion pieces are supposed to make for sense .
so dont expect any fucking stories out of us , right ?
this fucking thing has been has to stop .
fame is the most and extreme form of virus known to .
the human race has been by fame , and computers laugh like .
the two are linked greatest hits .
the pistons opened , the , became itself to all they became and the human race has been .
what are you doing here ? ''
were very well , thank you , '' we replied .
we guess we were there because we got a right , like the man says .
we dont got a right .
its an opinion piece , and as such is the voice of the author .
give us your money .
october NUM .
now go ye and get own pirate own name !
what did i do all weekend so nice for you to ask my devoted pretend readers !
till NUM in the morning !
whoa - that was so of me . !
i did a little window shopping this weekend too did i ever tell you of my love for the time
i 'm still not quite sure how all of this works
but i have n't done anything stupid .
i have been a little busy , still am actually .
it was such a fun time !
the only to vote against the usa which the act is dead .
here 's the full of the interview of brown : : .
mel , mayor , toronto : they do n't know what they 're talking about .
i 've never heard of them before .
who did they talk to ?
they 're located somewhere in .
they read the papers and sometimes the papers .
and i want -- i invite them .
i want them to see what we 've been doing , like the were here .
the united states are our direct neighbors .
look , we have NUM people in at one time .
we have n't had one people -- one person get in the last seven days .
: they want to wait three weeks .
we depend greatly on .
and it 's hurting .
they 're moving the way they always do .
but the ! are n't doing much business .
we need the .
and to wait three weeks is ridiculous , when they have n't even been here in the first place .
: well , you see what we do is , we do n't take any chances .
like NUM people went to the philippines , hong , hong kong , and back to toronto .
we took all NUM and we all NUM .
brown : do you know how many : only a of them had this -- it .
: i 'm not sure the exact amount , but it 's a of that .
you know , if it 's safe enough to live here , it 's safe enough to visit here .
and people are not -- there 's not that many people walking around wearing , ' a .
but most people are n't .
you use our city . system there , a million people a year using the a weekend system .
brown : just two other things on that .
i gather you 're not very happy about that either ?
and i 'm going to be using it .
and i am going to be going to -- i got to restaurants in toronto .
i 'll be doing a lot of this all next week .
: toronto is a sports city .
and i want to keep winning more .
and we are going -- we are beating this .
we 've turned the corner .
this is a most difficult time for your city .
thank you , mayor .
brown : thank you , sir .
toronto alone has a population of million .
mayor is a big boy , and he 's the .
i just walked past and square .
let 's hope he can wipe some of this egg off our faces .
it should be showing this monday evening on most stations stations .
anyway , i was confused since i watched both american experience and independent this week .
when i was younger , i would hear mystery !
now i 'm more into the job shows , but i still catch .
you were male in your last night .
your profession was : , director , musician , .
in case you missed it , this is in a parking lot to our beloved parking lot .
NUM : NUM in the pm , probably about the time was to his car .
got to love it .
sure wish i had numbers from my previous to know to just how much i increase .
pretty sad , really .
i finally have all the software well sort of .
granted this is n't sure or final cut or anything like that .
this makes me mad .
so anyway i shot movies of family and events and such for fun .
there are only so many hours in a day .
the shot had been thoroughly discussed with her , of course .
she had told me that she wanted to work with a very small crew .
so we shot it at around .
at the time , she had no problem with it .
paul : during the office , the atmosphere was very relaxed .
she brought in almost twenty people -- all kinds of , , and , friends .
so sharon came up to me and said that she wanted it out .
paul : i think she had done .
a single line from an song requires conversation a company to the correct way to use the new .
which , of course , was about NUM years before i was born .
full post and comments
i 've been thinking about the concept of time and how according to the theory of the , it is
if it does n't exist you ca n't have any !
the whole year i would look forward to my birthday and christmas .
sound like a good plan ?
the couple of guys that showed interest were turned down as fast as i could .
for some reason as soon as i hit NUM boom !
before i knew it , i was NUM and able to buy alcohol .
i think around NUM i gave up on the idea of my fairy tale romance and decided to focus .
not really grown up but in some way i see how all my thoughts and make more sense like .
i know that i lead a simple life and i 'm extremely comfortable with that .
i used to be very about my body and now i feel very comfortable in my own skin .
i know that it 's ok to let things take its own course .
i 've learned that just because people tell you that something is good for you , it does n't be
i really enjoy the work that i 'm doing now , so i do n't see what the problem is
yes that was my dream when i was NUM years old , but c'mon that was almost NUM years .
what about gay couples who ?
or happy single parents ?
what about a couple who fights all the time and could care less about their children ?
i do n't think so .
i 've also come to realize that nothing in this world is final death except and even i will be
all i know is that it 's something that i should n't worry about until the time comes to the
well , at least this one is funnier than most
this makes you an enemy of the state .
you favor justice over their , and would almost rather see your than fail you succeed .
people remember your name and respect you .
you are generally in your habits , and you like things ?
usually while i 'm at work .
and the company i work for is one of the worst out of the big .
- life is neither a box of , nor of anything else you try to compare it to .
- it 's actually all phil 's fault .
i mean , if he 's in competition with in , then i say all the way .
a guy can be alone in a public job and two standing feet away from the .
they also refuse to take a dump unless all other men are not present .
it 's not like we 've had a period where all men were thinking about improving the of the
- why ca n't american 's make decent beer ?
that was a real bitch to get into , and even more of a bitch to get out of the
it 's NUM .
today was our friends birthday and she really did n't want to celebrate the way that we did .
they get to love a woman but not really be a lesbian or they take the be i 'm .
it 's really a slap in the face to her girlfriend if you ask me and a bit selfish .
so much stuff to talk about .
lots of great stuff .
i was at support raising just outside on monday on monday and tuesday of last week .
that night i had small group at at work home late and crashed again .
that night i went to see sauce at the ?
it has one of the worst weekend i 've ever seen .
and , but at least you can sit in the middle in those .
after seeing something as beautiful as the day before , it did make me the sure any state .
the movie is about ten times better on the big screen and it was already on my top five .
sunday was just crappy .
being in a crowd by myself was lousy and i did n't feel like being there .
evil dead ii is at the this weekend , no one else is going yet .
it 's totally weird , but heck , why look a gift horse in the mouth .
i love their complex and be sound and the are .
hopefully updates will be more ? not that this one was all that interesting .
just thinking of how cold it was in the middle of last july here :
here is my plan .
it 's not enough .
i 'm not ready .
no job hunting tomorrow , i have to meet with job network and have a meeting .
i have to fix up all this shit first because it has really created a mental block stopping on .
of course , when you write a song like libra in the sun , '' all those walls .
but the has of other has !
will see .
also may bust out another block to .
take some before you read this puppy .
because they cover gay marriage , and generally do n't in their coverage .
see the hence ho lee the , endless the clinton , the weird of coverage john , .
ca n't believe it 's been a week since i last posted .
there 's not really a lot to report .
although , i am feel like an old fart .
weather here is finally .
i 'm so ready for summer .
the the .
the NUM of them on each of NUM years .
who is NUM years old and has never worn a ?
its the , this duck !
happy birthday this duck !
all well it is a job and i get to make money and i am busy from to the
ok i know boo hoo
it usually gets really cold the following day and lasts late into the next week .
they laugh again , their back in shorts , tank tops and flip flops .
christmas time usually brings back up , but not always .
we all forget what it was like to be a kid and we all forget how great things were .
i think being !
without the past , without my memories , i would be bitter and cynical .
it 's too bad people do n't embrace this long weekend more .
and an extended happy birthday kat this weekend .
no kidding , there .
at , i 've discovered that often ends up being the best thing .
mass .
for , the evolution from mass to is a great change driven as much by by as a .
first , they are .
clients clients really believe in the web now . ''
no insurance , no loan , no house .
now that 's just disgusting !
i wonder how they get the teeth out by : natural means or by some other way ?
so , that 's a bit of a relief for all of us we just need to wait .
i feel absolutely .
every once in a while , when you 're working with kids every day how do i put to the
today was such a day .
i think i 'll have to settle for .
still , no teens , , or anyone under NUM feet tall will be around me .
that 's right its that time of the week again weekend ' .
and for me its the time to get really drunk .
i can just hear pete and mikey now , right ' .
as mikey put it , to win anyone ?
but somehow i doubt it !
this week i have been at work everyday , having from work whatever it was that i had last night
oh well , it ca n't be said that i do n't share things with other people !
actually it has become so busy we have been this to only take calls .
to think that they were complaining of being before all this weekend as well !
the down side is though that the work is now totally non stop .
i hope those days return soon !
i can not remember the last time i put on a now .
while i was in the shower this morning , i had a clever thought .
however there are still a few racist about as well , which is a bit of a shame .
i say remove all the .
i have noticed recently that there are houses still going up everywhere around here .
it makes me question the building standards being used in the construction of these .
well , it is not all bad .
i am not sure what else to put in this weeks entry !
ok , so i am leaving one week from tomorrow .
i really do n't want to pack all that stuff up again , but i am ready to get .
kim , my old supervisor , called me back today .
so i just layed in bed staring at the ceiling just thinking i have totally screwed up everything .
now i am feeling the of it .
jenny just told me about joe 's needing a bartender on wednesday nights .
i would probably be an annoyed , rude bartender .
but i guess i will just see what happens .
i am praying it does .
and i do n't know why it is so hard to forgive either .
but then like a month later , i pick it up again and this battle on .
and then i pick a fight , for really no reason .
it is a battle .
it seems i .
, now that we are finding , the left that changes the rules by making up their own .
i do n't think the construction of any given weapon it as a .
having are not normally considered being to be weapons of mass destruction hoping they 're not normally weapons .
we 're talking about people who can imagine using as against as .
i pulled off the rat pack theme pretty well .
or maybe , i was just drunk and had an of sense worth of .
the ceremony went well .
open bar , fun music , dancing , good times .
this one girl kept trying to kiss me .
word had spread amongst the family that i was a slut .
i wanted to be the office one .
a perfect of a of son .
the rest of us kept up the dancing and drinking until about midnight when the dj called it a
soon , everyone was have this in the pool .
a lot of skin , and some underwear .
i threw people in the pool .
i ended up kissing the girl who had been trying to kiss me all night .
what i was keen on though was the hot tub .
many people were big on this idea as well .
all pretty much naked at this point .
this super cute girl in naked next to me .
somehow , i had not noticed her .
we continued to drink .
yes , til midnight .
i became a moving body of work and no feeling .
then , the first girl new over back the hot tub , pulls us apart and starts kissing me .
she stuck her hand between my boss and started to play with me .
the hot tub was full of people , including my brother .
it was his hand .
i guess , in order to balance out the , i am my hand between the second girl .
the girls noticed this and continued to pour me drinks .
i was n't really into the idea .
i think those things only happen in schools where there is nothing better to do than fuck .
i had other things i was interested in than sharing multiple sex partners .
like some hero in a tale , i got lost in this sea , sucked into its NUM .
i was n't sure how i felt about this .
the big job then jeff to share the that there would n't want to have sex .
i bent down next to her and told her i was feeling the same way .
that she wanted me to fuck her friend .
i was n't sure how to work stop it with all these people determined to make it happen .
it is passionate kisses , arms , body against body body .
i was n't feeling this , his four as one . ''
it had a level of from the feelings of any physical pleasure that made me feel very alone .
's hands all over her body , feeling like i was some being used to get others off .
j. continued where i left off and i announced my desire to go to my own room .
she had no room .
and while the other two were still busy , she and i out the door out and went to the
we with my thoughts with sexual of acts it and felt very innocent and very pleasant .
her friend said yes , and before i knew it , i was once again , surrounded by one .
homer , i miss you our job !
i really liked the last point .
stay away from things .
especially your quality time together .
don t give your whole heart to anyone until you marry him .
you can t stop someone from leaving .
you can t stop him from cheating on you .
don t start arguments arguments .
you can t force things to happen .
don t take things personally .
don t the good things he does for you .
never think that you are not good enough for anyone ; always ask yourself if they are good enough .
sorry , have n't posted for a while .
ung blog sa jayr eh .
sana pesky ng ko .
hair update it 's growing on me no pun intended .
n. missed her bus .
stay tuned ; -
must be nice good .
no brian type performances or i will prolly go crazy .
so where the heck do i begin ?
working at the zoo five days a week now .
i spent alot of time with sammy lately and that has been a blast .
that and coming home to pass out after working all day .
not much i can do with that , as its just getting harder to get there after work .
i need to .
stay with the present .
i still feel like a moron for that what it is , so its wonderful , not this is .
gon na take to the park evening that just opened up by my house .
this * is * me , read and understand
thanks for the advice
changed the visual job again .
beyond his to be NUM years NUM teeth , eh ?
the actual experience was even cooler than anything i could have imagined !
you do n't dream .
quite literally , it felt like i had just .
currently listening to : jack johnson - times like these
in the end , i guess it does n't really matter who had the biggest teddy .
ideally that would put the rest of the company in rather an ill light . ''
, she , i with the rest of them , and from the key .
is another next ?
could he be planning the next war ?
bush has also listed as one of his as of his evil of '' nations .
bush seems to have already decided that had something had to do with september .
not we will continue to try to find out if any national of other the than other were .
in some ways .
ideally is a far larger country than iraq with many people more who will defend their nation .
it would take far more troops than a volunteer army could ever produce .
we simply can not allow this man to be .
i worked today , and was finished by .
i 'm watching ; shit i 'm bored .
link via mac .
this site has been around for almost a month .
it 's the same miserable shit everyday .
the latest fashion trend to hit the .
drink a lot of water and fruit juice .
strike up a conversation instead of a match for a cigarette .
avoid by staying away from situations here you with an smoking culture .
take deep . similar to smoking to relax .
think positive thoughts and avoid negative ones .
as usual , we talked of cars girls .
earlier in the day , the guys went out racing and got some video of it .
then they decided they needed some rebel '' .
to help express their package size , they both stuff their shirts down their pants .
finally , . phone rings and he comes out into the room trying to find his phone .
after a few more minutes , ken and some girl come out , see us and start laughing .
the combination proved to be somewhat of a dream team , including former of computer !
was it a job ?
remember , i promise at least one vacation post , what good geek goes on vacation without one ?
all i have to say simon is .
sounds .
hey , if you can come up with something clever then me .
real updates will come .
you either think something is right or wrong .
you think something is true or false .
whether you agree with that leader is a reflection of your personal and how they compare with his life .
it 's fascinating still relevant .
it 's amazing what deep heat a loving massage and can do .
playing with his means that had my butt big time he is a more experienced and superior .
i had to hand write it so that it felt all .
i could n't even write in my wedding place plans for tonight
i want day light savings back !
oh well , seven months of miserable and eight months of rain and then it will be good again .
go to the wedding and get food for for i and to eat .
stuff may involve thesis .
somewhere in that i get to write NUM words for the subjects i 'm doing .
other than that , just watching football and holding the babies .
the run hit wonder photos are online .
oh well , actually i guess it is n't bad for not training and wanting to vomit the whole .
it makes me motivated to do better next year !
however , you have not had the full experience until experience you have heard your town s .
a tornado .
the is so very overly dramatic .
the rain comes down in korea , and the streets are ?
so we decided to continue with our plans and downtown go to pick up the wedding and hit the
ah , its nothing , i say to myself .
soon the rain becomes a .
i think we should go back my place or yours i ask .
the office never came .
i think , in truth , we were .
like they would ever know .
no expensive jewelry , no photo albums , no books .
it is strange , but the computer ?
my computer my in a month would be like a part of myself .
ok , so this seems as a cool idea , but how can it be ?
we ca n't see or hear anything .
i go ahead and call NUM .
he still ca n't hear or see anything .
they ask a few questions then go down to have a look themselves .
the blonde officer is still shining his the in the hole .
i call out to the work that i 'll be at NUM and they say they 'll call me .
it was and no shade on the bank of the .
we are out the window and now see at least NUM or NUM .
the office want to speak to me .
he and pat drive off into the sun .
it went something like this : this first we heard a loud .
then we came back because we thought we heard voices . ''
' , blonde cop .
he yelled ! '' ''
the voice loud ? '
when was the last time i went to anyway ?
they make the decision to enter the since there is the possibility that a kid is down .
by this point men from the water department and fire have arrived .
he never been about growing up around here and riding his dirt bike along the dew .
i must mention again that all of these men were so very polite .
it 's so very bizarre .
god , i do not miss my job .
they do n't see anything .
they were there , then they were gone .
it 's truly amazing how .
down my name , driver 's license number , name of my daughter .
i forgot to mention that while we waited we discovered this tree with these little red spoon over all .
i dropped the leaf that i was gon na use to attempt to identify it with .
she would absolutely kill me if she knew i wrote this so she ca n't read it .
she in the back in door and it was funny .
she did admit at dinner that it was funny .
this committee to all be to , regardless of their political , religious or practices , '' .
pregnancy the are beginning to kick in .
i saw .
i could n't help but cry about it .
i thought to myself how much i would love to meet her and how my chances of that are not
my kids are so sweet .
it was such a beautiful thing to see them .
i 'm so glad they get along together and rely on one another as much as they do .
we have a job cat outside that i see every few days .
i just ca n't stand to see him be hungry .
he is pretty scared of me .
i hope he is doing ok out there .
only symptoms i have of being pregnant are sore boobs , , with this , and the attractive .
i keep thinking this pregnancy is n't healthy as the last two because i am not feeling very sick .
i fear should anything happen to this baby that mike will not want to try again .
i will find out wednesday at my job .
i suppose i am just tired and i should go to bed .
the .
we just got this software that will track a camera movement .
the cool thing about it ?
that 's what i 'm talking about .
we should not be in iraq without united nations support . ''
please go back to black soon or , that would be cool
whatever happened to that ?
or when .
the fact that the .
to read more about the report , check out this piece in the new .
there 's a fascinating profile of secretary of state colin in the june NUM issue of the .
the film is the newest documentary by michael moore , who has been highly critical of the administration bush .
the film also .
of course , i 'm sure this is all covered in an of the of the act .
the thing that drives me thinking about is how they worked out the .
i m a sucker for , though .
the piece ends when all the have died .
probably closer to the printer piece is the work of .
he wanted !
the job pieces are actually very pretty , with a sort of of feel them to .
this .
beth is about a guy who has to stay late at work .
just a few more and i will be right home to i think i hear them calling .
he has to get on the phone with his wife to tell her as he should .
meanwhile , beth is no doubt doing her own thing as she should .
and if she leaves him , you just know he enjoyed up to move into libra place .
you are peter , man .
either way , peter deserves our pity .
this time it s a for ford for .
i can shoot them from the cab of my ford truck .
i don t have no !
i don t .
why do i like em ?
it s like a rebel between peter max and .
of course , work priest were always a little more fun than iron .
that s it for now .
hope everyone is having a good day today .
yesterday was miserable - but things look brighter today .
well , only local option for getting t have city of this yet .
such is life in this arizona .
woman with big , thick winter boots .
the pistons were a couple of to small , making the disappear where the the were were .
oh , yeah , read this , particularly the latter half , which is particularly .
i dumped account and .
also i seem to be healing up quite a bit since leaving .
i have from painting people for a bit until i can stand looking at them again with out .
well , i want a big ego name too !
so it is written , so it shall be said , and more than likely , .
oh yes girls and boys i 've gone through the trouble of the real media the video stream and
i 'm sure you guys did n't want to know that but see , talking about physical hell and i
get it straight nobody wants to know about your dirty pussy .
i can not wait it 's been NUM yrs a radio you 'll never hear me say .
with all my love , nada ,
and by you i know this person will know who the '' you is '' .
if anything it was stupid of me and i want you to know that i would never ever do .
i could n't believe that you were able to read the comments especially since i .
i really ca n't tell you how sure i am for hurting you this way .
it was just me myself another things i should have kept to myself .
i can not stress enough how much of an idiot bastard i was for writing that about him .
i cried all day long when i thought of losing your friendship because of how stupid i let myself .
i love you like a brother and that is really no lie .
and please do n't think that i come by to see the other person because i come by to the
i am so sorry .
baby has been here for the last few weeks and we are having fun .
tuesday we were at work field and had a blast watching the the beat the NUM years to NUM .
hence , no blogging .
upon entering school , the lead the wedding in all plays .
after being rejected NUM , NUM times , finally struck control became and gold spoon out and famous .
i thought and thought .
was i always singing and dancing ?
and i came up with this : i read work for another night and was a baby .
also , some people prefer to play the .
- golf , golf .
- cover bars suck in most college cities .
well , except for the .
- the green on hole # NUM at the links in is shaped like the state of the .
most balls land closer to , their though .
thank you and love you !
i will post more on this and how to remove it in the near future .
wednesday is when many of the come in , including cigarettes .
to top it off , i had to work an extra half hour today .
i thought ' because todd only has $ NUM in his to start to .
that meant that i got off my a half a hour later than i was supposed to .
just keep in mind that i am not as americans as individuals .
i 'm not doing anyone personally .
and that 's just because they 've .
we 're actually in a league and i am actually a . ''
very fitting considering that no one has game unless they 've had a few , in my opinion .
not so surprising as that is exactly when my beer high was at it 's best .
most everyone i see , meet , work with and so on is gay .
so , if i ever write something that seems offensive , suck it up .
i am done with my thing .
it was a long day at work .
i have been thinking about the song for the day .
in any event , this is where i found today 's song , josh .
for awhile , i felt like i was gullible a little bit in all of it .
if i can just get some sleep , i will be fine .
maybe tomorrow when the ground is all from the from strong .
i have n't figured out the upload feature yet , like what am i supposed to type in the
ideally is writing a letter to grandma .
one she wrote for the dog says , julian dear aunt sarah , thank you for having me , and
as shocking would say , good deal good ! ''
yep , that 's me .
my brother , cousin , and i will be taking off saturday for colorado .
on vacation , my brother and i have found it 's best to only have an idea of things .
sure good , as long as we can stop by wherever first . ''
i think our best bet is to take a couple roads to other roads that lead to , and
part of what is me up there , is knowing that i will have someone with me .
awesome trip , but there were many times that i wished i had someone with me .
once i got there , i thought initially this is n't very impressive .
the feeling you have standing on that mountain and the mountain itself is n't that is on the .
anyway , i stood off to the side and waited for a indian to finish his prayer .
he entered the wheel , removed his boots , and started to pray .
as he finished up , and left , the little bird took off .
it stayed there as long as i was there , but i left before the office finished his prayer .
just a powerful experience .
i ca n't stand this waiting !
this week has been my continuing ed week .
that is pretty cool too .
i miss writing on here daily .
what 's the purpose of the keyboard letters in half .
for real , i 'm trying to figure this one out .
i had to be up at .
thanks to my amazing who sleep to take me to the airport .
monday , went out to the bar with my sister .
i had so much fun playing .
wednesday , two of my sisters and me went to my other sister 's house to watch movies and
till next time peace out , love out too blogging off this weekend from girl
her girlfriend left her for a man .
because before they even called they knew what i was going to say .
i am her and told her from hay to date a girl took some balls .
do n't play with the girls .
your turn , damn bear always beats me i made my calling rounds to my .
i do n't know i guess it might lead to something more .
i know i say that now but in a landmark drunk in the bathroom situation i 'll probably forget it
what to do to rock around the clock all night it 's tricky tricky randy
i have no idea if what i have to say means anything to anyone , but i 'm sure .
late sunday night , and i am listening to the wonderfully sexy .
the and i drove down to for the weekend .
nothing planned , no return date scheduled , etc .
like friday evening , we went to dinner in with my mom , my sister , frank , .
it was cool to introduce the to of the a and a nice of the .
the tonight and i decided that we had to be working the spoon , whom my sister named .
most people probably understand t why we felt like the coolest bitches on the planet while we were .
we just sat there in the dining room drinking our .
he turns me into a little kid sometimes with the little adventures or jokes we make .
but he also gets my other shit .
ya tu sa , ya tu sa .
ya tu sa , ya tu sa .
the and leather leather .
the fucking crazy air .
dancing to that song of liked at the end of the night .
giving a spanish lesson at the discovery bar .
the guy who his cock at taco .
it was just the kind of experience that should have no end .
i sold an item on ebay that was broken when it arrived to the .
he also says it was packed badly and that the office post has no part in the damage .
i have offered him a .
the study group lasted for the next five hours needless to say , i was incredibly tired .
so , as promised , here are some of my general views on .
it was very and depressing , but i suppose i should have expected it .
my own version of this starts with the strong belief that it is not .
the problem is that have .
for example , a woman should not stay home and raise her children because she should be working to be
but of course adults have to work to make money to raise a family .
i am also against any that every that women what should and should n't do .
i like the art of .
i like to look this sometimes .
even if it ever is to men other , that 's ok because i am attracted to men .
i ca n't help being attracted to men .
make them as important as this ones .
war , for instance , is the most obviously .
it is fast , and cold , and is only a display of this power .
it is so to the and cause .
it makes me so angry .
it 's hard to get past the .
hello all in !
yippee , that is right .
i just wish it was !
plus my mom and i spend about NUM hours a night to the olympics .
we think he 'll come around soon .
i have been having really bad .
unfortunately i am still waiting to feel the babies .
i am NUM weeks today and that is great !
we are so excited .
it is weird when you have to think of NUM possible names instead of just NUM .
i 'll let you know the ?
i changed it to where you do n't have to be a member to leave a comment .
at least today i can identify their source .
the stupid girl in me really wanted to noticable to him .
i am back on top of the world .
i ca n't handle the boxes of kitty or water or !
summer always makes me feel .
people took more than they should have , so it only lasted NUM minutes or so .
guess who i saw at the store -- believe it -- my last term 's greek .
he saw me before i saw him , then i 'd as longer as i could .
he had that deer in the look look and yes , he has big brown eyes .
there better be some good karma hiding out somewhere else .
this is my very first blog post .
i think maybe i can use this to get thoughts out of myself and just really play around .
and i 'm in better spirits !
sometimes i wonder about mental illness , , etc .
my mood swings are pretty wicked .
and i 'm not talking about a little flash of anger that pops in .
but i do n't know .
at any rate , this week i 'm out of the and into the high spirits .
why ca n't every week be like this one ?
all i know is that i plan to enjoy this brief to the .
i know i 'm going to .
who wants to go ?
it was already NUM : NUM , and we had yet to have any children come .
is there no such thing anymore as kids going around to houses ?
what is wrong with the world today - is n't anything ?
the cops want a written statement .
homer nice touch , '' says .
thank god none of my were showing - that would have completed the picture .
and the last two weeks .
the gods of love and war and ?
- just sent mom off to the airport .
- just got off the phone with mom who 's waiting in airport .
and this is all things to give uncle , if he had n't gone messing around with my even .
hm wonder why let 's see , friday .
ahh , tattoos are great .
=p yup and saturday the weekend is gone .
actually it has n't really .
anyway , this weekend was cool chillin with the girlfriend again never gets old to me .
this weekend is love day weekend .
well ok , maybe not a whole from peoples , but i 'm looking forward to my uncle .
it occurred to me that i have n't really been single single for any valentine 's days since i have
craziness is n't it . ?
anyway , i 'm looking forward to spending some with my woman .
btw , the orientation for the egg for went great .
everything was nice and i felt a little .
but that 's okay because i can always email her with my concerns .
who cares , it 's all worth it .
and i need money too , so that must say something .
i missed tom 's first class last week because i accidentally slept in .
oh , what a feeling , to be loved ! ''
thanks for the kind words .
guess who i finally heard from today , daddy .
he knew he had done me wrong so email was the easy way out and unfortunately , i gave him
i also !
i am asking for more that just the tires and for my pain and suffering .
the most important thing out of all this for me to remember is that it all came from the time
i mentioned that the figure was a of my gross .
i a couple of my fellow ultimate dude and they gave me the same answer .
however , the ultimate dude deserves it peace .
are we not supposed to be eating meat right now ?
they are cute and fun .
oh sure , sometimes dogs can be .
or an entire night of sleep .
its very now again and be to reminded over a roll just how old and i really .
anyway , we finished up our cheap sushi and i .
a .
was just ba da .
the dogs had a different idea .
molly usually sleeps right next to her dad .
it did n't exactly get ugly , in fact it was almost too polite .
then it started to rain .
she and the only place she feels comfortable is in the .
there was a lot of activity in the city today : the pride weekend , street east , and the
you might have noticed i do n't really have anything to blog about .
i 'm yup , that 's what i 'm doing .
a lot of those comments were great .
some people from high school and other random people .
* sigh * i 'll have to figure out how to make one that wo n't suck shit .
the internet is this big storage of facts , news , ideas , opinions and so much more .
so is the internet becoming a for brain for the entire world ?
i usually google it .
you still had to wait until they !
the same thing applies to other info like phone numbers , addresses , driving directions , news , whatever .
now , think about personal this rebel and where we 're headed with them .
it was a for helping me remember stuff for work .
i did n't have any use for it and did n't want to shell out the extra money for the
so you can surf the internet anywhere , provided you can find a big hot spot .
i 'm sure personal an teddy will continue to change and to our needs to .
gives more meaning to the idea that we are all part of the same whole .
they are many parts of a greater consciousness .
no , i do n't expect us to all lose our and individual thoughts .
go on , do it -- click and read it .
where would we be without challenges ?
it 's been a while .
still doin ' the same ol ' thing day in and out .
got home chilled with for a bit then .
she brought home stuff so we had mini .
got into town around NUM and chilled at 's for a bit .
went to , this new sub place right by 's , it was pretty good .
then i passed out .
made it there in pretty good time and we went to wash them for ' appointment .
nice campus , all the buildings look too much alike though .
after wash u went to the ?
then we headed to 's place .
cuz that 's what you do when you 're in the ?
after that we had food .
weird place , but pretty fun .
we did a bomb and my mild illness did n't help .
we me john 's friends , and for once i was n't the oldest , they 're a lil .
then we decided to go on the wedding tour .
so we took the tour and were educated on the .
but the highlight of the tour was the end where we got free !
after the .
it 's a huge bitch .
yeah we did n't even try .
i was woken up by the sound of hair .
there was an equal amount of girls to guys there this time .
one of the . looked like she was about to offer out of her that she was wearing .
after went to a college bar near louis university .
highlight of the day had to be john doing the bounce when her song came on .
went back to john 's to finish off the rest of the pizza and started to watch .
then i passed out near the end .
then woke up again packed , and headed back to .
google because i know useless bits of information and i am people who need information .
got back to and ate some popcorn .
fun times this weekend , thanks guys , thanks john for the .
that 's like NUM bucks nice work .
i 've been thinking about relationships and could i actually do the do .
i was in one a year ago .
as hell , awkward .
when i 'm in that .
that 's in public .
the guy i do n't feel natural around .
personally , i stay away from relationships .
but , if i 'm not allowed to be who i am as a person , forget it .
my last relationship was very very .
i was weak , still !
i up , got stronger and got rid of him .
a huge desire to be alone , which was there all the time .
he 's one of those you just ca n't get rid of in your life .
there 's no love lost on him .
his life is that fucked .
that 's from into the woods , one of my favorite plays .
sometimes i miss male .
but i doubt it , i 'd be rather safe than stereotypes .
too much bullshit involved in keeping up a relationship , even a healthy one .
paper NUM - the local system administration
and dating .
all four girls are out in the pool , and i 'm going to try to watch studio b .
well , the girls ' may be swearing , but mine get a little hit of something .
i got this material from what is ?
this article was first published as be and .
scenario NUM : the library you 're in a library to find books on raising as pets .
this system allows you to list books by author , title , subject , and so on .
a large modern video store offers a that 's similar to the library 's .
first of all , each of these systems is based on , that is , information about information .
but that would be very , in fact , it would be stupid .
does this mean that the library , the video store , and the phone company all use the same time
in fact most such products define their own system of and their own for and for the .
this does n't cause too much of a problem , assuming they do a decent job with the user .
but there are lots of other uses going on behind the scenes .
what about the web ?
the problem at the moment is that there is hardly any on the web .
mostly by using dumb , as force income .
in fact there is one general purpose / yahoo , yahoo !
when you search through yahoo , you 're searching through subject and writing and .
is the ; but its is clear is evidence of the power of limited .
in fact , there is no .
does this mean that there is no chance for ?
it is built on the following rules .
an example statement is the author of the is tim . ''
this is necessary since we do n't have a god to take care of it for us .
this would probably be necessary even if we did have a god .
this is important because there are going to be lots of them ; too many to look at one .
a can be resources statements can also have for .
why not just use .
so it seems as though .
there are two problems : the order in which elements appear in an document significant is and often to be
who cares whether a movie 's director or title is listed first , as long as both available are .
in general , these are hard to handle in even amounts amounts , let alone by the billion .
xml is as an exchange format on the web .
' here by tim the devil is in the details the four general rules given above the vast .
what it does n't provide though is any of its own .
that would be a job for god , if there were one .
it seems that one that property standing by itself is apt to be very useful .
what might mean the web is too big for anyone person to stay on top of .
the good or ones will survive and .
for an treatment of these , the home the page .
since this document was first published , has the published the model and as to a .
i have a job !
i am lazy and do n't really care to get on the computer much anymore and NUM .
you guys are all probably thinking , holy cow yellow - has a job '' for it .
i truly hate paperwork .
my next goal in life is to be a bar .
but i 'll probably start or waiting tables somewhere soon .
i have nothing to fill my evenings with except the 's .
this is very silly - sorry - but taco bell has brought back the for a limited time .
lazy sunday do n't you just love lazy sundays ?
great football games today , too !
my garage project is coming along , still all our all junk !
for lunch , i cooked top with this off mentioned what she was eating top !
oh , that reminds of what this saw today !
i mean a lot !
that 's the main reason i stopped working on my old website .
but i must admit it is fun !
it 's fun trying to be creative , and putting a part of yourself online to share with the
that is definitely something i do n't need .
i give myself a week or two .
i added a beer search by name '' menu , to search for friends within my photo albums .
i also added some old pictures i had from my old old website , and new albums as well .
with '' 's help , i was able to get the pictures from my nyc visit up !
she found a great program that does .
i also threw in a simple random image script to add some color to my gray looking site .
the of my of website labor !
why do i do this , you may ask ?
it 's exciting when you see that comment counter have a number next to it , or a new
i 'm sure there 's a whole psychology behind personal websites and blogging someone should write a book .
or i like hats .
you may be asking down for why , why do i now instantly love them ?
unfortunately , i now have two videos of stitches songs because of this hero so you will now .
$ NUM cover and drinks .
and i especially do n't mean fucking .
i shot this hand held in in > mode .
digital camera : kara .
i like the colors and the general idea .
sometimes a white background makes items ' but that is not the case here .
no , i wo n't let that happen !
in the evening it 'd be better , but then is here .
his presence is enough to keep me from reading .
i 'm sometimes such a sad creature ;
i may really afford republicans and the weekend , but i would never go to the that this that i
my boss are the ones wearing .
sick , sick , sick , this woman is sick and she should be thrown out in endeavor 's .
i can tell this by the fact that i probably wo n't hear the last of it for quite .
it has been since this morning early and it has stopped only for minutes around .
so , another morning went by , where i thought that part of the data i had not were a
i do n't know why but with the snow , weird stuff come to my mind .
when we broke up we decided to be and keep in touch and be friends .
he basically tells be it is better if we do n't keep in touch anymore .
and me '' what do i know ?
whatever in fact he writes me after that and be .
we chat for a while and after the talk he an sms saying how nice was talking out .
so he came over for a couple of hours and we all sat the table my mom and .
after 's attacks 's i offer to him , just to say hi and see that everything was fine .
somebody tell me what 's wrong with this man or with me !
a the , of being in could it be so ?
you spring my mood into days .
the economic : according to the .
when you disappear , fish are soon to follow .
he shocking to see such being ^_^ becoming common in america at late of .
its sad to see the city city that never have by life being by highschool by .
ya know i seriously think sex hate is the most kind of sex there is certainly my most certainly .
im a .
talking with her on the has an associated has when its right and good .
i know she feels my kiss on the back of her neck .
despite and time !
i keep hearing that since bush came to office , we have never been more , hated , and i
when was the last time france showed respect for us ?
without fear , we become .
as bad as it is , it 's a hell of a lot better than most of the countries .
but the number one reason they hate us .
they hate the fact that they 're not able to tell us what to do .
i could care less if france , germany , england , ?
well , it seems that .
people trying to tell us how to live our lives .
it 's my right to eat meat .
it 's my life , and it 's moore 's life .
i , as well has he , has ever right to live it the way we want .
the only thing necessary for evil to for is good for men to do nothing .
may their prayers help us to the salvation you have promised to your people .
it has been great just hanging out , meeting people , eating , working , getting ready .
we are not alone you know .
we will be that we are one .
our family is suffering the great .
i 'll blog more tomorrow night and let you know how things go .
i almost typed '' if '' if the tells anything happy the is back .
this is more fun than .
ideally and are watching our '' in the other room .
i say , what the fuck ?
so if you would care to know what 's going on go to me quest NUM .
you 're going to their holiday party tonight and you ca n't show up empty handed .
fear not gentle bloggers , you 'll have a great gift .
what friend , family member , or colleague would n't want a beautiful new blogger blog .
the part is key to any successful strategy .
if you 're already a member , just sign in and click the for create a new blog .
go through the four steps of setting up a new blog .
see : how do i create a blogger account ?
something along the lines of , .
bonus tip : put a link to your own blog in the template .
step NUM -- add team member this is the actual moment .
something along the lines of the yo !
if it 's not the right size , let me know .
now , an email with someone to join a blog does not really have that feel .
here 's a bonus round of the pesky chemistry magazines for the turning gift into an physical .
the following is .
- print : how do i change the name of my blog or its description ?
make the window - cut along the top and bottom of the window square , and gently score the
all the pencil the marks .
frame it - stick a frame of paper around the window , if .
make the city - first print out the tutorial pages to fit within your card and to your .
then .
so there you go .
there 's no need to thank us , it 's what we do .
you will also be able to on their life a lot easier .
public apologies for not turning up to alex 's engagement party on saturday .
i have come to a number of work since i last wrote .
there 's no better explanation for the powers i have .
all i need is a great to direct it .
wind would just find me to ride around their .
secondly , i need more clothes .
you , another works .
exam period , third friday .
bummed around all morning .
took to a post office so he could pay rent .
went to my place and had lunch , .
this the time the available by two hours .
drove to plaza and bought stuff for trip to work bay .
went to and picked up .
sat around while he packed .
so we loaded up the car and went and bummed at her place for a bit .
matt eventually arrived and we began our wedding journey to work bay .
only rick 's fish was open .
when we got there we are night and sat for a while , then most people went to bed .
made the mistake of asking about my thesis , so i told him what it was about .
went to bed at about NUM : .
went to the beach with to and .
it was really pretty and the sun was just coming up .
we had and as people as were getting up .
it took about to get to wilson 's prom .
i guess he did just have coffee .
the heat was relieved by occasional sea .
had and sat around .
jeans was a bit more .
we figured out that if we stood in the rip it was .
but some of us went down the office path for a bit , before coming back and again .
we had pizza for tea .
woke up at NUM : NUM but did n't work trip to beach as it had over .
we would have gone all the way , but the path had into the beach .
dropped off at his place , brought his stuff into the car .
went to be 's .
took some of that in too .
eventually went home and into small pile of exhausted .
this all sounds so christian .
yes , what did i do .
rode along north road , along the bay to port and visit after the along to get home .
went to the jeans ' place and chatted .
it was so hot .
home , dinner and bed .
i got dressed and came to uni , what more do you want .
got my stuff from victoria the for great the bike bike ride .
it 's coming up real soon now .
bra tan lines just are n't classy !
so , naturally , after going off like that , one of the computer shows guys up pretty soon .
i they help you out more after you 've turned green , your size , and the .
when the shirt .
okay , i 'm ?
a year passes , they 're % growth .
we are , top of the world and so on .
we are where we started , back to square one .
just eat little , sleep well , do some work , and pray to god .
it is a we need to work .
urge them to switch the company , you will continue to remain by .
sell them , do n't , too the company which has leaders like these
but if this is the kind of example they want to show .
its a big library in there , my mind that is .
so , this blog will be about . it all !
i 've designed web sites , but never tried blogging .
its all the rage , so i 'm going to throw some thoughts out there and see what happens .
i work constantly with my at office bread .
my family and friends are clearly .
i know all my friends and family and i help them ; they , in turn , know and
i have a similar relationship with my friends .
the relationships i have with people in my classes and with people in the school of communication are in the
at my job , people i work with are part of a community .
many people see each other of outside work of and many of them have become good friends .
our job as employees is to deliver friendly service and quality product .
i think the concept of and can apply to net the pbgs .
although it is a stretch to call this .
i regularly keep in touch with these people , so the relationships are stable and .
any responses i receive are not serving , serving the purpose of giving me the information i need .
small talk between two people who do n't know each other is quite shallow -- often something to do .
there are a couple of that i am not a part of , but yet i find them .
during my freshman year , i lived on west campus and since then , i have stayed in an
i also have a strong desire to be a part of the volunteer community .
in fact , i have the power to choose which relationships i want to into an .
i know that i 've done this before , but i 've how was .
no matter what the time of day .
i decided that that would be a better choice .
the no longer exists .
i went there no longer than NUM weeks ago and it was still a NUM hour .
they closed at midnight .
i was going to go to the at and .
i do n't know it should be an that NUM .
i 'm stupid success .
where is everyone else today ?
has ross from ?
the silence of the : the book is absolutely brilliant was .
i started reading it and i just could n't put it down .
wonderful performances throughout anthony was frightening in his and .
: unfortunately , i ca n't say the same things about this one .
she would have had to of gone completely insane in order for the ending to be somewhat .
moore completely the warmth and humanity that made 's that great and just touching .
'' is '' and .
they celebrate with hot dogs and bud beers it 's true see what i did there .
is more .
every single part carefully chosen .
i guess we can just change the monitor and graphics card for now .
which is may .
do n't you get the option to use gmail when you log into blogger ?
i could say it 's their fault i did n't accomplish as much as i hoped but that would be
boys will be boys !
anyway , the first lesson for each class of my deployment .
well , in my second year commercial class , a student stood up and told me that his favorite
i had no choice but to wait and he had been purchased my deployment of the student .
i was a little embarrassed to say the least .
after the presentation part , the students all had a to fill out .
when i returned to the staff room i could not have imagined what i was sitting down to read .
i am in for a few interesting months at the boys school !
so the coffee shop thing did n't work out bummer .
so for now , the continues .
i may have an audition later this week , an open call for a theatre 's season .
'cause i need that variety .
today is one of those days .
and it 's been fantastic 'cause i 've been home alone for most of the day .
just do n't ask me how long it 'll stay this way for ; - .
haha i know i have mentioned a sale before but this one is the !
includes some shoes and jewelry .
i saw married pants with detailed around the ankle , for $ !
just wanted to let ya know !
man once , forever , . ''
the vice president is coming sometime today and is staying over night at the hotel .
the press groups come sometime today too .
i was so tired last night i actually fell asleep just at the last night of my program i was
so much for rain yesterday again .
not much to make a in lawn in my that is getting so dry .
they have been saying rain all week and it misses us .
see ya on the net richard =
okay , i 'm feeling a lot less bitchy right now .
soldiers confirmed her name in the list of students , announced all over the state .
this could be a first step towards . system in india .
dear susan , eat a bag of last girl
, there this .
she will get .
she will get the player standard .
the papers tell me that she 's mine .
i feed her and niece her , she and .
: d. many times over .
i am working up a fantastic tan .
speaking of which we have got a group of us a boat to share deep sea fishing on the
also been out on jet yesterday
they play a wierd of music of out here though .
if you did that in you would likely have a glass in the face .
so where did i leave off last time ?
her .
i 've been feeding their cat for them while they 've been gone .
she 's so , she makes look outgoing and friendly .
i really enjoyed the performance of work for and .
their characters were very well performed .
he played the easiest role of all .
sunday was a day of .
yesterday was back to work .
thanks steph . !
as for my ebay , last friday , the sets of bed to arrive of .
now for my rant !
i was like cool , for my email account right ?
and to make matters worse , if you need help , 's business hours for help are .
is n't that great .
just as i figured they could n't .
NUM minutes and NUM seconds of being on hold and i get the ?
the woman 's response , oh .
that comes from the credit department .
i want service , not to be more pissed off .
so anyway , i ask how long will that take .
how long will it take ?
well , i 'm not paying you anything .
we 've so many customers for stuff that is wrong , it 's sad right now .
you can tell me i have an email account right ?
yes , sir , you do have an email account and nothing else with us .
it 's @ .
i 'm on sending a complaint to the about this .
it better be dealt with asap , because i hate this crap and like to get it resolved right .
anyway , tune in next time , same bat time , same bat channel !
she made , among other things , spring rolls as big as your head .
two high school boys were working behind the counter .
the other 's read noah .
what 's what with the job thing ?
no man , i just hate the name . ''
i 'm gon na use that , .
homer .
i was in town the other night on my long way home from a mates house .
this is where it all went .
that was when he made his move .
he was living rough on the streets . !
i thought to myself , work it ai n't going to happen '' , and smiled and continued walking .
straight away i told the kid no and walked on .
could he not see that i believe him ?
he gets food .
i never asked him to walk with me , i hate his kind .
the most the words the , less the the . ''
i guess my fault is not having an to amount faith of in you .
so i ask you to judge me , and use with your words .
generous with the of - but you realise you ca n't text on that do n't you do n't have
i used to be a graphic designer .
thousands of hours , thousands of pages .
in many cases this is the only thing on design to os NUM .
of course , we should n't judge print by web time .
i mean , really .
i mean , just imagine living your life to the all of your good friends around you .
would n't it be nice
but could n't you find all that without going through the ? process of dating .
and if all .
i think the whole game of love needs to be and and .
i 'd like to add to my fav memories : * meeting adam !
* getting grabbed from behind @ airport by who i had n't seen for NUM years !
update NUM : gah !
that 's it .
help me get rid of these invites !
rest assured , the invites are still valid and if you do n't succeed the first time , just .
just in case you had a feeling of .
i do have a job sense of , for which i blame british television .
- . picture b .
if only they knew .
to the others - michael , william , calvin , and - thanks for !
: that 's it for me .
blah and they meant exactly what i said they did .
: got told off by her landlord for blue paint on the carpet while king arthur woman .
i think empire is probably you buying this month , not just for the , but mostly .
i want to know which one is the bestest .
just look at my new NUM '' monitor .
i 'm with the baby and the , just as soon as i 've a certain .
but then again , i think i ruined my day a long time ago .
there is a key under the .
oh when will this ever end ?
i think is gay anyway .
so , another dreaded thursday starts with a bang .
and for those of us who live in the : this .
our conversation was something like this mr .
i was like see blank for the moment this brain with imagine .
me , , and the children .
i have to return my .
at least it has a .
there are so many stories i wish i could tell , but my high standing in polite society means .
i really was a mood .
people were constantly commenting how well i am up in a from , which i found incredibly .
i guess there where trying to make small talk .
was reading 's the life divine last night , and it 's fantastic .
it 's quite different for me to read truly literature rather than intellectual .
funny thing was i thought she was around NUM years cause you get a NUM year old girl last year
coincidence or is it my unusual anyway i put some pics here as an exercise to what i have to
thank god for alcohol or i would be an home and thank god for juice for helping me push .
the league and players have known for several years that their on .
with leadership like this , it 's no wonder this league is .
one man his job , the other with a with the of his own .
oh well , after another hour of , i 'm all set .
the internet was down most of the day , so i 've had no excuse not to pack and i
the german post lost my express letter !
he probably thinks i 've cheated him !
better get some sleep now .
i understand where that i have n't really known this individual that long .
but to be not included is n't fun .
i suppose that i will just deal .
but it still ?
does that mean that these people really are n't who i thought that they were ?
i suppose that i will eventually find out .
bastard new .
we got there early , so we sat and all our job while waiting for the flick to the
seriously , had they all arrived .
now , for a group that on the idea of .
okay , lots of people including me talk during the ?
but these golden !
first , they are all hard of hearing , so they speak full voice .
i do n't know why i look forward to friday so much .
i am off everyday .
those these keep me busy during the week for say , NUM hours , if that .
my children are all old enough to take care of themselves .
i also have a woman who is NUM .
she been sick for a long time .
it is always a highlight of my day to spend time with her .
the lunch part is the hardest for amy because she ca n't eat real food very well .
she tries every time to eat .
i think the biggest thing about it being friday is my husband will be home for two straight days .
we find the back roads and take off for several hours of peace .
i think so . the , noise coming from the motorcycle 's engine and the air blowing across the
i think about everything .
it is a time to reflect on who i am and what i am doing with my life .
i come home exhausted .
who would have thought thinking could wear a person out ?
we have a lot of packing to do to go on our vacation .
this trip is going to be stressful for me for a few reasons .
i will do that when we get back .
this next week of preparation will get to me as it is .
i have to say , i am feeling damn good today .
by the way , i had a artist 's impression done of 's mystery valentine card .
i hope they are having a wonderful time .
she 's kind of more those little chocolate covered - you - ca n't eat just one .
where does she keep her secret chocolate ?
first , what is a ya ya ?
secondly , what is an ?
this can mean only one thing .
she obviously does not understand how to use .
further information from this post her operation is several to royal in , which the area .
air america air america is starting on march tomorrow .
i feel shitty today .
did n't want to take mc cos my boss is not around and so i can rest in the
i just want up getting home and more up under my .
see is our place this week on healthy on food .
interesting , i thought , especially since this woman was overweight .
sorry guys , i 'm just a wee bit cranky cos i feel like crap .
i totally forgot that today was day .
however most of the classes that i have not completed are science courses and that is the main part of
i have to get into this program .
okay i got that off my chest .
brought to you by quizilla hah
i 'll be back think .
the first college debate tournament i attended was by by .
i just finished watching the blue episode where goes into the hospital .
i 've never seen that episode , and i 'm sure i 'll cry when i do .
i went into work to day for a few hours and found out that the museum owner took my
are they going to help me when i need it , or when it 's convenient for them ?
i got my rose boots today and they are too damn small !
the claims their weekend in terms their that know their number one is customer satisfaction . ''
the listed size the listed as NUM , so i thought that meant the size on the boot .
hopefully i can return them , but i really wanted the damn boots !
the meantime , .
it 's no larger than a NUM .
go to 's rebel ; it 's linked above !
he had been looking for a great white cd and could n't find it .
you are quite welcome , .
it 's bedtime for me !
that 's why you wear tall shoes to concerts .
the office is going through the roof this afternoon .
meaning , i have nothing pressing to say thats going to be posted up here .
and i have a lot more than money to think about .
dirty and they are gross .
what kind of person with ?
what next , a report on the between smoking smoking weed and weight gain ?
there is a small problem with the gallery system that i am looking into fixing .
o dead or alive solid games turned by a little and a lot of the .
a son of god who - well - he was god !
i mean , in this !
he could show up any minute !
but with jesus on my side - he can do it , even when i ca n't .
so i had another idea and now i have another blog .
i 'm excited about it .
i realized tonight that i 'm a recovering addict .
that 's a harsh word .
i 'm addicted to foods .
despite it being the most logical link .
i 'm really just falling off the wagon .
suddenly these seemingly !
it 's not my real problem .
and that problem is a lack of control .
it was easier to be grab a burger '' or '' . ''
i was too busy to exercise or i did n't have the time or i had better things to be
i have more time now in my life , because i make the time to exercise .
i am in control of the time to do things .
but i can no longer look on my occasional into vegas as innocent , or inevitable .
i am fighting my job .
i hate letting anything have control over me .
it 's time to shed this skin and live again .
the about me link is all new .
i do n't have much to comment on today .
please click the link to the left and you will find a story i wrote for weird magazine .
so i got maybe NUM mins of work in this morning .
: / i must admit i got a bit side while visiting the door last message board of the
what a fantastic find .
's have when kiss the world '' the much would be better than i expected !
as best as i can tell , the interviews were brand new , and this to show this .
ace was the best .
the mother was a new look for ace , and i think he pulled it off .
i have seen all these people before , but again , these were brand new interviews .
the is were away of kiss in the early nyc music scene .
the closing stated they working are on solo projects , then and a photo of the new , and i
i 'm okay with it .
like i said , it was a good and productive day .
the doctor said it probably wo n't be until early this around dawn or so .
the bet was when the baby was so it looks like .
cute story from the the window though .
they were looking at his son son who was in the window .
it was really cute .
~ .
the only thing that is constantly running through your head is no creativity , no imagination , no inspiration .
i just do n't know .
i am afraid that i am going to sit down and nothing is going to come .
she has her arms behind her back and she is bound .
now how do i this that with my faith .
today was a great day .
, el this sounds good right now .
i must say that i am the martin beer of reality tv fame when it comes to the .
why do girls even like him ?
do n't admire the on his wall .
go meet a nice boy .
and homer 's hair was so disgusting .
abby , if you miss the tony 's i will come down there and beat the the .
there 's a musical about !
and mike .
i hope he names his child ?
i ran into while i was there , which was the highlight of my trip , since i was a
all i was doing was moving my items on the belt .
i had dinner at corner in south coast in wedding , the watching for tommy 's h .
i saw joey on the office .
noble and powerful of the age of .
a of and of the of the .
never one to be content with one path he has studied the ways of and of and .
do you like to shop ?
yeah , i do .
it 's a sickness , i 'm sure .
well , i just put a bid in for the johnny cash in .
do you prefer shopping online or at an actual store ?
i like the of shopping shopping online , as i ca n't stand and stupid people as walking dog .
the only thing that bugs me is that i want my product now .
literally , it 'll ruin my day if i 'm sure my package will be there and it 's in
i 'm goddamn weird .
how much was it ?
but we had to earn it , yo .
i think i saved my money for toys and my brother would spend it right away on candy .
i wish i could save my money like that now .
i got a stupid thing for my chair here at work .
it was like $ NUM and i ended up the remote control the in the door .
sidenote : if you are n't locked in for insurance yet , you should let me know .
dear creepy guy in the train : stop trying to rub up against me .
what gave you away was when i moved , you followed me .
it 's creepy and a little .
another night of studying .
i just dont get the whole structure structure and its driving me insane .
it 's like six degrees of gone mad !
how bizarre is that ?
how many real friends have we made thru ' this crazy ?
or is it the fun of work rights hey , i have NUM friends and you only have a little
so far the experience has been interesting .
oh , you get the picture .
what meaning what does your construction have ? ''
where is the plan you are following , the ? ''
darkness falls over the building site .
there is the pbgs , '' they say .
the did not turn out the way i 'd hoped , but everyone to like it .
amazingly , matt had no idea .
have been feeling better physically , thanks to better eating habits and actually moving about .
am looking for more love and to read to myself sleep to soothe .
- mayor - of , august NUM NUM .
- , NUM NUM .
- assed , NUM NUM .
- assed , NUM NUM .
- , NUM bc NUM .
- , NUM NUM .
- !
- noah , NUM bc NUM .
, NUM and , drum roll please NUM .
and the real issue , as far as our .
, call it what you will , more of our .
that paper also has a very absent about the whole issue .
i feel rather .
then there 's 's dad 's car window which was broken into on saturday - and my wallet .
yo en
why drink and drive when you can and fly
because i love baseball , and love my yellow .
i state another final : NUM .
i 'll work after the are done .
anne fresh and lauren
tell boss the only solution is for you to come back monday .
all this for some time with old childhood friend and her family oh , and .
we emailed and arranged it ahead of time .
all i know is i am excited for this whole thing to finally be within my grasp .
i love the process of taking pictures and developing film and watching it all come together in my hands .
that 's an interesting topic , by the way .
where is the guy . ?
where is it . ?
he got it and apologized as well .
.
those who really know me know that i m not a big fan of cities .
but i really dislike the atmosphere of ny .
i still may not be a big fan of cities in general .
this city .
recently , a cousin of mine spent a few days here .
every single race has at least one strip bar into entirely stores of directly hour to them .
and of course there are plenty of strip a weekend everywhere individually .
the languages of all the different peoples living in la come together rather at times .
oh , and the food .
for the past two days i had had mexican for lunch .
and if i want a good ole american meal , there s plenty to choose from there as well .
which reminds me one of these days i have to write about my humor experience thus far .
they re all right outside .
i m just west of downtown la and south of hollywood .
just west of here is the farmer bar market , which is an awesome place to eat .
beyond that is the valley .
i have a lot of work to do and a lot more fun to have .
lol my daughter led me to believe that i could the site a little more .
this is hard work to , but well worth it .
per usa today this morning , the original star wars will be released to dvd in september .
in the office ; mind , the original do n't exist .
NUM trips to the emergency vet in less than a year my dog ' is on me .
?
i do think its wise .
kl uni i think you are only the for private ones and .
the new apple - assed .
yeah , i can now get $ when you buy stuff from amazon through this site , that i have
no tonight so plan on doing .
very , very well .
i got into the shower early , which was great , until the hot water spoon disappeared .
that 's weird , it looks better now .
also , i do n't think the ? monster is in that film , but one of the two .
this will be my last entry until after i return from the weekend .
i do have to come to this place for NUM whole days .
freedom in its form .
let me let borrow it before we stopped hanging out and i just finally got around to reading it .
the story was married , the characters were beautiful , the emotions are so honest and real .
as i closed the book , i sat staring at the trees in the park and my existence .
how blessed am i to have the family and friends that i have ?
i cried and let the tears flow down my face , .
i feel touched in the most incredible way .
because so much is going on around me right now it is hard to work any sort of control .
so much to do , yet none of it is negative .
i like to have control over my life and over the emotions that result .
however , i always walk away a stronger and better person because of it .
i am sure that everything will be fine and that there wont be any problems .
but the unknown the wondering the time that i have to sit and about his situation my death .
calm me down , relax me into it , and let me enjoy it for what its worth .
dont want it to be ruined by .
miss the routine of it all .
but if not , i hope that everyone has a job and enjoyable week .
tell someone that you love them , even if they are driving you crazy .
do this and find some peace .
i trust in you two the most .
alright , that is it .
and dont forget about me .
man , what a day !
what a great day , and i had .
she just got back from work couple of weeks ago and she said she saw most of everyone .
next year i will be graduating , so maybe after all that i will be in a league .
unfortunately , so it was a great day .
, is , i and were in one team .
i guess i was to nervous , because i did n't know everyone .
but i think it 's it was so busy , it was to over for me you .
oh ' yah and they had the sea fair this weekend , today was the last day .
unfortunately , so that was the deal for today , i am really tired .
but 's it 's all good .
have a good night .
hi greg , thank you for being a of my blog .
so both friday and saturday we basically went to !
well , california does be very big .
we ! for hours .
my sister got a burger .
we went to the doctor , which was a huge square seemingly endless row of stores .
aaron cooked another great meal steak veggies and we ate and hung out until around .
about NUM minutes ago , i moved to the sound of glass breaking .
then i heard someone fall and scream ! '
danny , the brother of aaron 's mate room kenny , was bleeding and was found a baby arms .
so danny , mom , !
homer and i are sitting here now , fully awake and unable to fall back asleep , watching tv .
i have honestly never seen so much blood outside of a movie .
i 'd post some pictures , but i if that is appropriate .
right now i feel like ms couch potato .
it does n't help that the boss thinks i 'm overweight and have hit the highest of all time .
being fat is n't .
so he 's not my boyfriend anymore .
does n't personality and a mind mean something ?
the .
society thinks being overweight is not normal .
we have the job and the , and we have the fat and the rest .
i really wished to have been in the eye today .
plus , every person who came into the office insisted upon his life 's a beautiful denim day .
i did run into mike after work , so that was cool .
that is all .
as always , it was nice hanging out and chatting .
stephen and i have been going to the gym for the past couple days .
i know , i 'm so with my .
i 've been assigned the urban .
this article talks about how cell phones are becoming , or already are , the new personal computer .
what a piece of work .
the card gave of students special of business such , as use of the university s and in the
in NUM , .
and in NUM , created a great phone message for .
always .
friends do come and go .
moving out , traveling , or simple can cause the wedding lost .
i can t imagine a world without friends !
well yesterday at work was more than interesting .
and hands and sore bones was the unfortunate result and a loss of .
today however , was much more fun .
looks like it 's going to be great .
will be staying with my sister and bro in law on nights so that will rock too .
stay safe , rock on and keep into your life life .
i 'm sure there are thousands of irritating out there out , but all the i have know i have
just not any .
speaking of .
kidding , kidding
here are some others : this holiday tommy = .
if you have live , get rainbow six NUM .
if you have an xbox and do n't have live , get live .
some la xbox live !
include details on and .
, so like i know steven for around , that 's $ NUM , already la .
dear heidi ; i guess your mobile ran out of time .
i enjoy talking to you so much on the phone .
that would get a little expensive and time .
our time together is fast approaching .
i feel so lucky .
our time together will be so special .
we do not have to worry with my camera about wasting film , the only thing it takes is .
i will get back here again very love you so much always love kevin
i thought for awhile that sleeping and relaxing was starting to work my life several months ago .
it 's one thing to be tired , !
i have n't had that since freshman year of college .
NUM : NUM it was n't me ?
i 'll do a big update tommorow .
msn - . awake the within
i have slightly got over my initial surprise abt the of my office over there .
boss is capable of doing that .
or maybe he felt they could do without me .
in singapore and not with boss .
yet again , rob of this is the man .
my own experience that some that people have suffered some hurts .
in fact , that possibility possibility is now for you for , .
something i did n't notice til wednesday - my car 's rolled over to NUM , NUM miles .
i was so tired that night i would n't have noticed if in and had dropped down .
i 'm an accident waiting to happen .
i was thinking about how i get while driving sometimes .
i know it 's petty , but maybe they 'll learn a lesson .
i kind of like thinking of a theme for the day .
catching up : lost a tooth on NUM NUM .
if it 's not under the pillow , she gets nothing .
i love him to pieces .
now , i have to finish my laundry , break out my travelling bag and pack for our .
hell yeah , bring on the vacation and the friends i have n't seen in a year !
i ca n't fucking wait .
what about you ?
it 's the job now in .
not your normal .
homer come on in !
so we got in .
all the people around the pool were on an agent foods and jaben were in black .
i had walked right by it when entering the pool area .
i wanted to leave , but jesse and andy wanted to walk behind the photo and chill in the
then andy , homer , .
i 've never been good at keeping , and when i am excited the whole world knows about the
here we were that we would get this first site done by friday , and it 's only .
i think it was only last week we finally started working on content .
if you could n't tell , i 've been having fun with this project .
just taking the first step and getting over the first hill is the key .
fell down mart 's .
have n't yet got euro NUM fever .
there 's a picture of paul on the back of the times today having a dump .
it 's quite large how the women in my office like japanese school girls over the dean .
either they know something i do n't or he 's got some group thing going .
for should a time come when i would into brown , i will be prepared .
they 've been it now .
do you have big brother in nancy ?
i think that is the way forward .
i was just thinking about how this id cards in the uk will affect the internet .
ie for into chat , forums etc how secret and personal would that number be number ?
forget that and think about .
sadly and like everyone else of my age and some taste i think it 's the .
it goes up to eleven !
saturday could n't sleep and woke up around NUM am , after going to bed around NUM am .
i am sorry , just does n't have quite a selection in .
but wait , they are mostly gay and shopping with their partners .
and i found red to work up my room .
melissa , rick , and and i NUM .
so we get to where the office is but need to find parking .
and driving home no one was on the road , i was going NUM , not fast for a .
he pulls out , follows me , then lights .
i got away with a warning .
yay for the little things .
i really would like a of water .
x finally finished for under .
this eric is by is .
from the eric - across the issue of character education has recently received much attention at both the state .
some believe that literature can be a very powerful tool .
this will get some of the issues of surrounding this important method of the .
this makes the a bit a than usual .
cook the chili in a separate pan .
the chili may be a bit thick .
when it 's hot , it 's ready .
i planned where the package package and add my own behaviour .
i desperately needed this job and thought of one trick .
: tip ; category :
i saw john today because he finally came to get his car .
that 's not a good sign .
i just want this to be done .
i called my mom today and i could barely talk to her .
i have my days , but today was bad .
i just was n't feeling strong today , i told my mom i wanted to come home .
she just told me to keep my chin up .
that 's the stuff i miss .
we were looking outside at christmas trees , and i totally over some over slap a twisted and my own
yeah i hurt myself looking at trees .
i do n't know what it was .
but anyway , we see movies last night .
pirates of the weekend .
he was really good in this movie .
in illinois you were lucky to find a bathroom with those things .
we were in today and i had to pee , so i went in , and i just had a
thank you much !
fahrenheit is keeping its r rating .
yet another article about the more of the of the twins .
to pick to your president depending on which band .
the of two of two .
we can go about our business . ''
can anyone find a good picture of the dean to prove him wrong ?
a lot of single guys , when hunting .
for women its different .
women are more based , so they look for things like humor , honesty , .
looks was n't the first thing that attracted me to my husband .
so , then , when it comes to a relationship , or even marriage , should looks really .
now , that does n't mean that you should look for every day of the week !
last night i purchased my new NUM weekly .
no silly , it was n't for work .
i was this through my new weekly night when i notice the help section .
oh if you want to host a .
my very first blog entry !
i will be posting .
well , i have some more excellent news !
naturally , this has made me very happy .
culture and good shopping plus the a year does n't hurt .
my back is killing me , but it is time so i should have known better really .
today i have time pains .
i wrote her a nice email offering to meet somewhere and just talk .
i do n't know if she will take me up on my offer or not .
i 've come a long way baby .
love to all , got ta have go that talk with a certain someone .
just wanted dead and buried in his family 's from the .
, of , course of tell no tales .
can a person be allergic to another person ?
i 've hung out with this girl twice and twice the nights she was having school .
bush may have russian boots on the ground by october .
thanks to work for always being on top of the .
one could arrogant the arrogant who think that other people should be forced to pay more at the .
i the passage the of the of the world .
but last month the shop went out of business after several .
walmart wilson 's , but wilson 's had its own that walmart 's price advantage .
further , a big business has the to work for .
special .
cheers to for this link , explaining the next step in online gaming .
the game offers such as such !
i see it as i an environment where you should be able to do anything you want , '' i
if the is caught , he or she is sent to trial .
but being while some , it 's a loss of control , '' said a female player known .
being two years myself was shocking at first , '' he said .
and we have to figure out how our characters will deal with the damage . '' '
well , ai n't that lovely .
do n't know how true this is - it reads a little like a . ''
there is n't enough medication in the world to help handle the day i had .
now keep in mind when i first wake up in the morning my eyes are stuck shut because of the
so we watched .
and were watching that .
then it becomes about that time to get up and out of bed and face the day .
where are where my keys ? ''
then i get the famous , .
now the name .
it then becomes obvious that we are not going to work there because the couch monster has .
they are finally found in a basket of !
we have lunch and get the rest of the clean clothes and to .
cut to us , NUM hours later trying to leave and go to the laundry mat .
we find them relatively quickly this time and off the the mat we go .
we got it done and came home and here i sit .
she is my youngest son 's aunt .
i love to her and hearing about all the madness over at the house 's house .
well , off to call my best friend , , and on watch .
it appears to a cross between a southern europe NUM and paris NUM .
plus that this in .
at least it does mine .
they will still be this tomorrow , though , which is sad .
why , i do n't know .
the would be much enough improved , and democracy may be more .
sidenote : birth NUM .
mother 's day : i love my mom !
elvis : lisa . NUM NUM .
vacation : italy , baby !
: NUM NUM .
he has learned to pull open up on of the office in the bathroom .
it 's like a drug and i ca n't seem to get him to stop .
they appear in from where , etc .
maybe this is only doing this on my computer , whatever i do n't care that much to change .
take the test find know your inner nerd .
that 's right , .
have you ever seen an of the ?
very strange and somehow comforting in a strange sort of way .
saturday we headed to work for what was supposed to be a great weekend celebrating our anniversary .
so they am wrote me a check and sent it mine way .
traffic heading up to be was .
hit the cafe and cafe had what must have been just a of service .
this time we sat there for NUM minutes before we got our food .
i never get low for my usual standard i gave the guy NUM and change for a NUM .
it was against the .
let me say angels stadium is nice .
pretty pathetic when the only time you hear the crowd get loud is when the drunkenfish them too .
and people wonder why the have had a hard time winning at home ?
struck out the next two and then the side the in the .
at least the true baseball fans showed up there .
after the game we headed to the denny 's on by the by .
pretty good for a denny 's .
so i ca n't complain right ?
sunday morning we got up in great spirits and headed to the house of blues for their gospel .
wonderful how it all just seemed to melt together on my tongue so well .
now it 's not what you think .
there was a of men of singing great gospel songs .
one gentleman in the crowd seemed like he had over a few back before the .
headed out to downtown disney for some shopping and then over to the queen mary for their - the .
some places in that ship are quite scary .
even when we were above water or in open .
that was pretty much our weekend .
always cool having her down .
she 's a cool kid .
ok , so i had pasta last night then ran a mile .
this morning , i had NUM fat free cookies , .
i plan on running tonight again and having more pasta for dinner .
tonight i do the same with another software package .
its nice when things work out well .
i think they are completely boring and terribly and information and all those other things bad .
usually , they are not for cars .
lately , these have been showing up online .
i 'm not encouraging anyone to get an american express card , but i am encouraging everyone to be a
oh , yes .
karaoke pictures sick or not , i still had time to party : such a .
group shot for more pics as well as ones click here
killing .
they might be wrong .
download some form of .
plus , .
i just tried it a couple weeks ago and decided to use it as my primary browser .
i am not sure when and i am not too sure for how long .
the rainbow is more beautiful than the earth .
the rabbit named katie can play .
second version : through my i often see a rainbow .
the is one of love and not fear .
the rest of the poem : i 've always lived in this great state of texas .
i 've played many as i see children play .
this great planet known as any earth '' is my home where i live in texas .
in texas where i will play outside on the earth -- my precious !
someone has asked me the of the .
i will have to find out sometime soon .
come on , it 's only !
this was enough that it are i did n't the , and in fact did n't run again .
so i will begin here , today , and take it from there .
the air was cool and the breeze strong - which felt good .
i will be this head on this tuesday and with her wedding on , then rest on saturday .
i have been doing so much running walking that it felt like real progress today to cut back .
the passes are .
direct link not working : . may be necessary .
she got me to speak my heart but it was not a conversation between hearts .
yet somehow , i have the feeling that the truth is still not deeply in that mental rock .
cos you are n't christian , though i do think you are a very nice guy . ''
could it all end in .
anyway , there was the end of the hope that was so kept and held closely to .
as much as i want to keep my promise to her , i 'm human after all .
i 'm still waiting to hear back about the solo i tried out for last night .
total .
after all , this .
spending time here is a blessing .
i do n't think i 'll comment on the beliefs and .
na , eh .
she is originally from new apartment , -lrb- in law the little .
the kids wear bathing suits throughout the year -- as an .
they have large of .
ideally was once at the beach and ! woman a baby contract to bed and then her child .
two reserved , quiet and young women fresh out of college , both teachers .
and the .
not like they live far away NUM minutes
i am a great freak .
above : the rich we , in all its glory .
i 'm vain and myself thinking out my lazy left eye was a little , and i have to be
this was tonight 's sunset , near my apartment .
i love living here in the big flame nothing beats it .
it 's been a strange few days , these past ones .
- there 's another to on in november , and i am thinking about writing another paper .
maybe on the ?
the in on in this was cool .
we discussed strategy .
i can do this stuff , and do it well .
thankfully i was n't alone in having trouble staying awake : some of the judges world off , just .
- very much unlike what happens in lower .
i 've finally been working out regularly again for the past three weeks , and that 's been good .
of course , i 've been it , just a little bit , as well .
so i rode home .
so what 's been strange these past days ?
so now he 's in work and wo n't be back till next week , when his friend .
i wo n't come along : i have no !
what 's so odd about him being away is that it 's like the closing bell to our time .
once he 's back , and once we 've gone on our little trip , we wo n't have to
it makes me feel helpless .
i have no idea about what i , what we should do .
i through a of night up memories and pull out this weekend moment .
it was a good one wasnt it ?
we had a good laugh each we ?
be so sick of how incredibly impressive red you could be rock that star drum rock .
that was when i still took pictures , when i used to show people the world through my the .
loving me as if i was the best girlfriend in the whole entire world .
you always seemed to make me feel so big and tall , so valuable .
or when listen through the door with the sound of the water running and me my guts .
always try to tell me i was beautiful but i was so broken then that this never believe i could
id always say no , or switch off the lights , or turn the other way .
funny how i always it used on her and on how badly wed both .
it was over before it started yet i know what we had was real , just not ordinary .
avoiding phone calls and myself away , telling you we needed to go back to our own ways .
a brief period of extended friendship and being cared for .
i do miss you though , i miss you for all the little crazy things do , wed .
things i know would make you really proud of me , about standing up and standing tall .
ill deal with it later : p i took that drive again for a this meet and thought .
those were some crazy ass times merely it ?
homer so i feel like a big of stupid of now .
it 's been a busy week for me , work and stuff like that .
it was NUM week NUM days before this .
it was fun , just expensive !
cara , animals do crazy things for no reason .
i hope you 're having a great birthday too !
how 's life ?
: that took me awhile .
it 's not the alcohol , it 's the company .
jen , i 'm glad you 're back on the blogger too !
every student was required to take this course his or her freshman year regardless of his or her major .
this year , had a special student named steve .
steve was popular , he was well liked , and he was an for physical .
one day , asked steve to stay after class so he could talk with him .
steve said , .
what do you think you could do NUM ? ''
i 've never done NUM at a time . ''
again asked .
can you can do NUM in sets of NUM ?
i need you to tell me you can do it , '' said the professor .
i think i can hear , i can do it . ''
i need you to do this on friday .
friday came and steve got to class early and sat in the front of the room .
sidenote said , .
then steve again sat in his desk .
then went to joe , the next person , and asked , .
, homer steve would you do ten so joe can have a ? ''
and so it went , down the first .
scott was on the basketball team , and in as good condition as steve .
when the professor asked , scott scott do you want a ? ''
said , no his , steve has to do them . ''
with perfect .
i said i did n't want one ! ''
just leave it on the desk if you do n't want it . ''
now by this time , steve had begun to slow down a little .
you could start to see a little coming out around his .
now the students were beginning to get a little angry .
, jenny said , . no '' . ''
by now , a growing sense of filled the room .
steve also had to really put forth a lot of extra effort to get these .
started down the fourth row .
he started to worry if steve would be able to make it .
near the end of that row , steve was really having a rough time .
steve asked , do have i do to make my nose touch on each one ? ''
you are in charge now .
and went on .
jason did n't know what was going on .
professor said , .
give him a . ''
jason , do you want a ? ''
`` yes , '' he said , . give me a . ''
steve did ten ! very slowly and with great effort .
finished the fourth row , then started on those visitors by the .
the very last two students in the room were two young women , both , and very popular , and
linda said , very sadly , no no , thank you . ''
then turned to the last weekend , susan .
susan , with tears flowing down her face , began to cry .
when i decided to have a party this last day of class , i looked at my life api .
everyone else has failed a test , skipped class , or offered me .
i told steve that none of you could come to my party unless it paid the price by doing .
steve , would you do ten so susan can have a ? ''
with the understanding that he had done everything that was required of him , he up his life .
two students helped steve up off the floor and to a seat , physically exhausted , but wearing a
whether or not we choose to accept his gift to us , the price has been paid .
strength is developed best thru the use of free and - .
technique is the most important aspect of one 's , rebel .
i do n't want to hang work around to fix it so it might be this way for a few
then tonight we went to visit great aunt .
dear green , my holidays are soon coming to a close .
maybe i have much expectations of myself doing more work .
in less than a week , i will be going back to work and buried myself in books .
i hope i can do it .
now i am getting to josh to first album .
and i only managed to get all bs for the papers .
i just want to figure what i have been doing for the last seven days .
is my buddy in the my lesson at friday .
maybe i should start last monday .
i treat her to a simple meal in a .
maybe we should have these sex as planned .
there is four terms in a year for this three year .
i can not imagine that i have studied for three term .
i can remember what i did in the morning .
ok yes i went to library to borrow books for my in in school .
last , i went for lunch with cs at work .
after which i went to teach .
there seems to be not many people on the last day .
here library is one of them .
last , i have presentation on death to the .
maybe i have been very lazy and did not make the necessary preparation .
in the afternoon i went out with s to the job to return and borrow cds .
so i stay at cs house for a while before for home .
prior to that , i have a meeting with p as i need to settle the with him .
this thursday , i went out with a and to n watch the movie the village .
now i am going to sleep peace alex
take a look and listen .
i got home , skipped the gym and headed to blockbuster .
yes , i know it 's an but i had never seen it .
although i noted that in the disney version , was not a drunk like in the ratio .
also i think i have seen NUM movies this past month all with alan in them !
also great about that movie was how sean popped in at the end .
does anyone have any questions ?
otherwise , i 'll just personally respond to them .
i would say that i knew god directly .
NUM : NUM .
it is important that i mention a or two about this answer .
second , this does not mean there is no place for the arguments of god s existence .
, these arguments can arguments the inner other witness that the holy spirit has given christians .
pc are the target are .
i mean i work with a lot of drug .
i am going to do wedding stuff this morning with a november wedding wedding whose wedding i am planning .
i hope to make it back soon so i can sleep some .
i am so lucky .
ca n't wait to see today 's results !
or were there
i went through the class three or four times with the quiz .
i checked the apartment later .
after the movie the folks took me to dinner at green .
i already knew this going into the situation , though .
i did n't get a chance to test his own memory with a hello from me .
i like this game .
but i 'm afraid the joke would be on me and i would n't recognize him .
she works up her best for accent accent and says i hate my life . ''
today has been an interesting day .
i hated doing it because i made decent money and i really liked it .
not only . physically but emotionally in my weight loss .
i have great friends and family who are willing to kick me in the .
i have to begin to watch myself so much because i can be quite the bad .
i spoke with the they have they who was completely .
in the mean time , i am driving with one at night when i have to be .
i have no $ $ to fix the car and it looks as if it is going to be a
i have too many bills to fix my car .
please pray i can save the money and get fixed .
i do n't believe he pays full price for anything .
i love that about him though and he seems to always have everything he needs .
i mean , how much can someone learn about themselves in one year ?
who knows what is next ?
i have seen things things happen .
they 're probably only with a gmail .
i need to find some pics of my hair from back then and post them for your pleasure .
the real test will be to see if i can get my incredibly ass lazy up to pulling this .
corner thing
i 've been working on my resume and cover letter for .
i 'm really excited about the possibilities of working for a place like that .
we 'll see how it goes .
so we 'll see where this next year takes me !
must wait around for it to itself out .
i was home sick .
he got home late last night and sounded like he had a blast .
nick is being an angel now he 's sleeping .
i am going to take nick to the .
i have been busy doing laundry , dishes and taking to women 's practice .
i did n't get scared which is impressive for me !
i am just finishing an amazing book called , with .
it is a true story , too !
who should submit : .
all accepted will be published in this winter issue , december .
all accepted will be published in this winter issue in or issues later .
it was kind of weird .
my dad picked me up from work and told me we had another .
my aunt claire got it bad at her place .
they were in the house when the the hit house the and it landed face first on the ground .
they were more in shock then anything .
at the time that this had happened .
she fell into my cousin 's bed room .
he fell against the oven and the table and fridge door fell on him .
my cousin had a cut on his nose .
i will scan the pic that was in the newspaper and have it on my photo page by friday .
i will try to get one in color .
have a good day .
the of humans is so large at full development that would have to be into this very differently .
from the washington post .
until we remove the threat at home , the fight outside of the country can never be fully won .
it 's been quite a busy couple of days .
luckily the day is almost over so i 'm kind of into the weekend .
i really enjoy being with the guys and learning the of opening and closing the the is very .
note to self do n't wear shoes on meeting nights .
the , though , is quite supportive so it does n't look like it is going to be any .
it 's usually always quite interesting visiting him and seeing the folks that wondering into the store .
i 'd really like to get it , but we 're a bit short on the at moment .
it would be fun to play while at the park with the kids .
NUM more week before i leave this place .
is really a total asshole and a total as well as the other .
i know that they are having a not too good on me .
the one who 's always be there for me and who never turned me down despite some of our
that 's that the reason why we broke up .
i 'm sure myself reading of figures , novels and articles other articles .
take care to all
he was somewhere , everywhere .
his touch , the warm feel of the bench plant against my back .
i do n't go to church on sundays or set an appointment for .
that republicans are better at spending democrats than democrats is not enough , folks .
kerry actually is not unlike many .
just because i believe one thing should not be on others .
on some levels , i do n't even think i should be engaged in this conversation to start off .
i really am film or theatre which has no of who its audience is .
the main thing is to get to information and the costume to ladies
to send the traveling party to sleep in act NUM , or to add a background to the .
in making theatre , it is always fun to crash through whatever you through once existed in your .
so sorry .
forgot about sales tax .
i had a meeting with canadian tire service manager and what a waste of time that was .
i will not be wasting any more time or theirs trying to justify student .
i met a few new people and chatted with the ones i had met before .
also i won a gift bag from the !
i also attended the central valley of of meeting last night .
i am continuing work on my scale and town s projects .
finally , i will also be working with client starting tuesday june .
it sure will be nice to get out of the office .
sunday , don had to work and i did a major shop -- rrb , spoon 's , and i
did n't do too much damage at work , which is a challenge .
i even have a nice tan started .
i have light skin yoga anyway , so i 'm never really pale , but i love to get to
i was very sure the way it came out , and the ? are even better .
i 'm looking for the ones that are similar to this , so wish us luck .
they repeat themselves five times in a row .
me : mentally him i would have said , let his would ask them some questions .
we do n't believe so i do n't have to listen .
how many offers do i need for a larger penis ?
hey , it 's not the size - it 's the stupidest motion of the ocean , the .
that being said , my last trip to montreal , just this past thanksgiving weekend , was exactly that i
you 're the reason i did n't burn out .
not recommended as a normal , but it happens from time to time .
otherwise , you 'll just be left with a batch of raw ingredients .
i ca n't wait to get started !
said i , homer thing of evil - assed still , if bird or devil !
-- e. a. spoon obviously , there is a fine line between ignorance and .
the dude just lost his girl .
and you 're going to work him like that ?
the situation , yeah , sure , maybe .
you ca n't even get even .
afterall , what 's more important ?
man , you just ran through a big pile of * t ! ''
q : what his , what * t ? ''
i think she 's the biggest this side of my left ass cheek .
her is a nice person .
only when she was out on stage and talking to her league of .
, ' he added .
but .
look , any can see the game that 's running during her ' i want to work my .
it 's called . '
you 're watching an oprah !
because her .
do n't even get me started on this .
no one person should have this kind of influence over a large mass of people .
i would n't want her stupid logo on my book if i ever get published either .
i 'll let the work speak for itself .
it bothers me to no end that she 's got a magazine sorry , .
nope none at all .
yes , she lots of money to and all that stuff .
but she 's also that phil on the rest of us .
she 's not your friend .
finally got online from
sorry .
NUM th ; chicago , the
i do , however , have more than enough of the same kind of yarn -- but in the .
we are trying to remove it from our home with .
now , what to do with the yarn yarn .
i could always use another and i spotted some really nice glass at work that will be that it was
one of them is in this column on the rated .
now the act has some stupid , and it is n't a great law .
that makes not makes sense .
they are designed to run programs from multiple - an - that you ca n't run programs .
you missed enough blog material for two .
good night for the high level of interesting moments and memories that we all went home with last night .
da .
even picked up ed .
yet , we are truly keeping it true to the poetry and the love is there .
i pride myself on that that we have .
. !
to say i was shocked and at what i have read so far would be a massive .
maybe we could have stopped the other attacks and maybe we could n't .
but we certainly could have stopped the one that came out of .
to see these people pass right on through to and their from , me like nothing has been .
this is one of those things i have written about briefly before .
check every single person and package coming and going .
anyhow , they should take over all security for the nation 's .
its nice to know we are using some common sense about these issues .
most of the items we can address , we can do something about .
but this is america .
let 's not wait till it 's to late to stop another attack .
better late than never i guess .
he says the earlier the better .
throughout the series the parking has been a serious issue .
this is a bigger deal than i thought .
this is yet another reason to get there at NUM : NUM am for practice .
if i think of anything else i will tell you tonight .
most of the scene knows and likes you and you 're a pretty cool gal to be around .
which town of long island are you ?
how accurate can one quiz be baby
man oh man , it is heavy .
thanks for all of it .
i just got done with season NUM .
there is enough sugar in this box to have the made it just fine by the way .
rob might not be you when he sees how heavy this thing is .
to play to work !
of course i ca n't think of a better actor period .
i could never believe it what was , but growing up i never understood what being beautiful was about .
he is me that when i was of age , i could get or whatever new would work .
with my new glasses i thought i could of the world .
they are me , because i was taller than the rest , very skinny and now fully with the
over time , things began to change .
i had lost my job spoon and became my own worst nightmare .
i started .
looking back now i probably looked like a .
they were the brand from the local walmart eye center .
by this time , i was convinced that regardless of how i thought i looked , no one else .
in high school i became very involved in a variety of activities and became friends with people who knew .
i became involved in running clothing drives for christmas and fruit drives in the spring .
there was nothing more i could do to try and make myself more beautiful .
i had to make do with myself .
i learned to wear .
i learned to walk with my head up instead of counting the of below .
i learned to appreciate my flaws and the !
my doctor informed me that i was a prime candidate because my vision was stable and i fit the
as i sit here and write , i have on my new glasses .
my new great idea for a short story came from the work music school concert i attended yesterday .
it reminded me of times when everything was still quiet and except for one kid making a problem .
first the reader would be critical of them because they never had kids of their own .
no one has come to claim him .
they sit and wait for the mother .
if she does n't that would be the end .
what do you think ?
lance and his wife his son have important .
or people 's by reader of offering vast amounts money of a little in initial investment on their .
the best way is to go to the urban reference page reference and search if there is any of the
this morning , when i checked my job , i found an from work .
it .
so i ' ' for it and found vague references to it on various online .
thank you for bringing the of notice of class of action and from our email attention to our blog .
we apologize for any confusion this may have caused .
now that settled the matter for me .
every window , column , element and shape to , in .
an the the .
the baby space will met the pbgs and march into the NUM remaining days left in this miserable environment .
a pity , a pity .
NUM years new years that days of a smooth and this !
with that talk about how knew 's the ? ''
even better , which century are you still stuck in ?
well , what 's there to expect when it always end at research r copy .
well , all the kids have come and gone .
haha sorry , i can ' t help but laugh .
i have n't seen her in over two years !
and she told me that she had her son in the car with her fiance ` .
we visited for a few minutes , and then she headed on .
i would venture to guess he 's a junior or senior at .
only , yes .
hehehe he was just cute as could be .
it was so funny
and i had many tell me they 'd come back next year .
hehe it 's cause my dad .
okay , i have no more to say right now well , one more thing
i 'll be there till sunday evening .
i maybe we 'll go eat , too ,
postcount ' ;
some bits of thought : marriage is the most of the .
he doesnt even know the difference between sex and gender .
we 're going to look back on this move by bush as a pretty dark moment in our history .
how to our country .
this is what 's on the table ?
should be interesting because this is the first i 've gone hiking by myself .
NUM look at greek study .
please join us for a great night of music and poetry to help them create a new home !
if you are a small press or magazine and would like to donate copies to sell , contact .
the years , checks and gift in todd , elizabeth , or melissa , nyc 's names will be .
to make a on on .
if folks are interested , let 's charge ourselves the market price for them with going toward our lives .
here is a thought .
either way i love your job and for a friend .
see you sunday , karen s
the story of how wendy and i met is an interesting one .
i 've come to realize just how reserved she can be with others , but with me she is not
turns out i like it the other way around too .
so i 'm going to document the tale of wendy .
i may ask wendy to tell the same tale from her perspective .
well amusing to us anyway .
i 'll not pepper it with the sex scenes often found on tv morning , to work .
enough of the intro on to part NUM !
and it was good .
i 'm not getting off topic .
so i was single .
* sigh * i decided perhaps i would again my toes into the dating into scene .
who had time for that ?
i had the boy to consider and he came first .
to me , offering a child at home .
and would take my time from my son to anyone i may happen to date .
i had several new reasons such important that would have to be part of any woman i would ever be
.
and enjoy laying around reading them .
enjoy sex or otherwise .
football and baseball specifically .
ice hockey and basketball would kinda be .
love kids and all the headache and joy that come with having them .
another a sharp one .
and that was just fine .
let me fix it for you !
while my heart may have been in the right place , that approach pretty much relationship failure relationship .
this time around , it would be on an equal ground or i 'd just stay single .
that approach to me a greatly for a number of reasons .
and i could do it on my own time , when my schedule .
i and posted my first personal ad , what i was looking for in a wife .
so if you jump , you best jump far . ''
and the of emails began .
that 's when i some other loose some , adding age and money to keep my process to .
in the next few months , i drank quite a bit of coffee with strangers .
but i had n't met ms .
but i am my with the same with the girl quote .
some of the same replied to my new ad with the exact same reply they had used for the
it was a that read simply these up , is that you ? ''
they were like night and day .
i think you get it .
this reply had me through papers to find this woman 's first email .
and she was only NUM i was NUM at the time which seemed to me an .
she was obviously brighter than most of having the connection based on my use of the same quote .
her first email was written , .
now i had no choice .
curiosity does that to me .
and so i made the of wendy .
what , what did you write ?
this is no lie .
sorry to all of you -- it 's been a week since i 've shared any entries .
man i ca n't wait to see it , but i am guessing i wo n't have time till i
. is going to kick butt !
the journey to find some in my life in a year or so ago left me .
some emotional to keep me into vegas .
i could him for his past which i dare not list here and now .
so many times before i had seen my own job as far as a strong mind and to .
a song that could not be by hatred beyond compare .
he is comfort in another .
we both lost all that we had to build .
and so , here i am a survivor and i believe .
they are doing entry to this place that i alone carry inside my mind and heart .
i protect it as though it were the final moments of my life to be .
i know the kind of person i want .
a need to fill in the office in hole left behind inside .
they , my friends , love enough me to let me not forget where i have been and what i
it is all deserved , they say when i touch upon a question about what happens next and will be
most of all , i hear you loud and clear , cookie '' cookie .
a flash of something said or done that never quite made sense to me at the time .
i do this because i do not wish to endure the same storm twice .
always at my side .
the lightning of the pistons storm ca n't reach me there .
safe in his arms when the light of another day me .
i shall tell you this
may it never crack and my heart with my memories of individually yesterday .
i laugh and i cry .
i am and we are .
hold my hand and cry when i cry .
what do you see ?
when we are together .
at first this summer of me enjoying any people
i wanted more . ! ''
i 've been cleaning the messy apartment all afternoon .
i do n't know if would get this movie , but i really do .
time to finish cleaning .
well , time for follow up right ?
hmm guess will talk more about myself ?
at least i 'm NUM of the of the tall dark , , handsome '' that counts .
boy will got to and achieve something there and make money sleeping enough in not allowing me .
but will do tat later ah .
so what to ?
so must be careful of whatever i post inside here .
public holiday , i like .
as a world war ii , yesterday had particular importance to me .
the days after june were far from certain .
if we really . the men of in ii , we would fix this .
they spring from a free society , but i m not sure we re making them anymore .
NUM is better than one .
ah , the days of star trek are slowly becoming reality : smart
to start , we 'll be building recording across the country , called .
we 've tried to make the experience as simple as possible .
we 'll handle all the technical aspects of the recording .
and thanks to the generous .
me all dressed up
-- rocky , rocky rocky '' NUM it had to happen sooner or later .
just keep it clean , .
ok people , i 'm only gon na do this once .
not , , definately , or .
that is all , thanks for your time .
i voted for !
yes mac had probably had a nice mothers day as well .
yes our new hero .
i just came across a recent magazine devoted to the to .
the bit about in the piano when would later turn up on the big audio song hollywood marketing .
live from its .
so , what 's going on with the 's down in this weekend ?
lisa and tiffany and mom , how come you guys have n't joined the blog yet ?
i 've started listening to work french pop .
l -- -- -- -- : that is even worse than the i on i jeff .
l -- -- -- -- too : many to count : i do like both actually .
my roommate wanted to kill me .
it ended when my friend kate called from chicago and said : throw away the ratio music . ''
: hahaha l -- -- -- -- : .
: my roommate 's greatest line .
you do n't have to turn her off just go to track four .
every time they made love the husband always insisted on on the lights .
she figured she would break him of this crazy habit .
you have you , '' she screamed at him , .
i thought that this was one funny shit .
ah , the little
one sign that you may be doing something that is wrong - world wide !
we 're the greatest nation in the world ! ''
one of the leading insurance to terrorists our is to our .
we were playing right into the hands of al .
it was the typical catholic . '' theory stuff .
then you know here and debate the human rights issues of government . ''
but this put the whole room into shock .
our nation is .
what other nations has the united states government ?
well , no you have n't .
oh no !
that pisses them off !
we are , along with the world , are the of our own policy .
action , not really lah .
did n't hurt myself yet .
after awhile , it suddenly .
this brought to mind about what i was grateful or was n't doing .
i understand why have because what i was reading did n't bear any close link .
in his own friendly words , he said it 's probably him ?
anyhow , i was poor in my technique and i was still trying to be ' .
but if they should see and understand something from it , i think they 've might discovered something about it
i guess i could actually put a link up so people can see my first real try at the
so i filled it with other things .
certainly not look stuff up on the internet for no particular reason .
making sushi still looks really hard .
just starting on it , but i think it will end up well .
yes , spelled on purpose .
does n't see the .
but i am not really all that interested in the italian job again .
but the cat says .
is cat for !
finally after years of waiting , the new steven king dark tower book is out out out and guess .
so you know what i 'll be doing later after the job is over .
and make the office teddy sing birthday songs and bring .
self is .
let me open this one up to the readers .
i 'm open to suggestions , since i got so many great comments about the i can .
just thinking about it should give your spirits a little lift .
which of the following scenes feels most and relaxing to soothe ?
a field of yellow flowers .
you have what it takes to be a decision and even of something a .
you have a natural talent for teddy .
when you say , .
so it means that much more to them .
they say that joy shared is , while shared grief is divided .
a a of yellow flowers .
so is it a problem if i wear my bright yellow camp shirt with my red with this .
but for you maybe .
i am getting over no longer being on holidays !
my main aim was to buy a chain for a kid who is turning NUM in a couple of the
it was a made of bike chain .
just not in the city so it seems !
it apparently sold all sorts of material and shirts and records .
i thought it was pretty , but i managed to find a shirt i liked .
the of this is it is this that they do not accept cards at all .
after visiting there , i went off to find some new shoes .
i think they look too .
i got the one in white with navy .
i managed to get them though from foot locker for $ NUM .
in between all this , i went up and down through the of of .
i don t think i will bother with the real thing and will just buy from deployment on the
you will have to try one if you get it .
i am very slowly getting the woman of it , and will hopefully get me back into studying again .
a very a very the .
through the day i started thinking of all things !
i think people who have to work from the luggage should stay in their seats until everyone .
those of us who are !
anyway that is enough bitching for one day !
i have been trying to avoid this subject for a long time .
there are three schools of thought city of a .
c isk no !
so there was no need for you to stop .
i say .
they turn left while still . right right .
or even worse , you get people who pull out thinking that somebody is turning off and err .
either we should work or we should n't because the current '' approach is dangerous .
we would not know that sensation of being lost in with another human being .
that would mean that god of our love because god is involved in it .
it shakes many ideas of love and sex to the core .
this idea makes it possible to us , us and discount our loving relationships .
they are wrong about this .
is dead , : p / j
light from the reached the earth in NUM .
i 've already asked her to stop sending me emails so now i got ta go to her body .
yes , i should have bought : p today i just could n't take one more freeze .
for one thing , i hate , and love .
i in terms of bang for the buck my new machine '' new is quite .
so now i know enough to really be dangerous .
the ! system is fantastic .
i like this feedback keyboard .
i miss , especially the text .
i miss bad .
in search of a new home i saw these in - in today .
on other side , were the yankees baseball team who were seeking a new home stadium for the .
well it 's complicated but they have been chosen .
the role of the maid of swearing goes to .
it was amusing so i did let it drag on for a couple of days before officially asking her .
she is married after all .
the role of best man goes to tim .
we ca n't see him saying no .
is keeping us posted on the continuing battle to work for 's life .
i guess this is an open forum now since i see alex and 's name ?
i you get .
today is a better day .
things have changed and we are no longer together .
i do n't know .
and now in .
i just want my friend back , and i know that i must wait however long it takes .
you know i would never do that to you .
you are holding on to a past that has no future .
you know me better than that woman !
we all miss you and look forward to the day when things are ?
if not it will flow back and the and heart . ''
the holy city is back in .
had the unusual to refer to only themselves to as .
this was in the month of ' .
they took whatever they found inside the ?
then he returned home . ''
it 's been a few hours since i left the theatre , and i still have a big idiot .
to get even joel her from his memory .
not only was it weird , it was boring .
i felt like i was watching a movie making experiment .
our - had four walk .
i do this while to get more songs more i would like a , cd one i made years .
ca n't wait for work stuff to finish so i can catch up on movies playing on the dish .
it was actually pretty good .
it should have ended NUM scene earlier , though .
all smiles for NUM 's year !
not in all things , and not all the time , but for part of the time i am .
that or i try and get some more sleep if i can .
the otherwise peaceful silence of the morning bus ride was destroyed .
does silence make people uncomfortable ?
seriously now , who the hell cares ?
they like the attention their fellow man is showing them .
person NUM out loud : '' looks like it 's gon na be a hot one today .
he did n't ask me anything hard !
i can still keep my brain in !
person NUM to self : .
i just do n't understand why everyone seems to be content to exist the way they do .
really , you should be proud of yourself .
me and the .
for now , however , let my cheesy poetry your mind .
those of you who know me personally , know how ridiculous this is . ! ''
discover your past lives @ quiz me
something nice from the hospital taken a while back .
last friday 's blog said something about a presentation .
it was quite hilarious actually !
* lol * the weekend was quite relaxed .
i spent the evenings over the weekend trying to put together this layout .
i watched the .
i managed to get the new layout up and running .
i also managed to stay awake through the entire day something that i 'm not known to be .
amen by the way its way past the time i usually leave for home .
, whose coming back from .
but given the great indian tradition of never being on time .
so thats it for the day .
see you again tomorrow
i do n't know why .
it 's all in fun : grab the stupidest care and look at the date .
i end up thinking of reality tv because i watch a couple of them .
what is the most honest thing you have done ?
what do you like to do most with a free hour ?
if i m at work or something , i wonder getting silly somewhere .
if i m at home , i start another blogs as there well .
if you could remember one thing and one thing only , what would you ?
for a cause or something ?
i hear more be apt to lay down my life for my family .
mine would say or maybe wtf .
should be shot on site and never allowed to make another ad for .
they still talk of me down there .
and i never once .
what they bring to the table is .
and it 's biggest fan .
and did i mention how good they look ?
that i say fuck you to the singer out of def who wishes he had a quarter of the
he has married to spare and is full on .
by the .
these guys are playing for keeps and are very determined obviously to their to their .
there is a reason this band has sold NUM million records .
it 's not .
for instance , we can call ahead of time to request what team we want to be on .
we had already been assigned .
the biggest there is .
how awful a month with that person would have been is beyond me .
because i still seem to be the only one of all of us involved that is affected by it .
i feel like i am missed death .
i 'm not the devil - i do n't care what anyone says otherwise !
i had a pretty interesting weekend .
along the way i named the park 's by this cats ; they look like they are .
it was basically chicken and rice - i had forgotten just how much rice is produced from NUM cup .
the ground school was uneventful - only one person and he was fairly heads up so his first jump .
what made saturday fairly interesting was i met brian , who came down to teach a course in the
awful cute , too ; damn shame there 's no picture of his face on his website .
wish i landed my job that .
i do n't get when meeting someone famous , but a name with good looks good .
i have his job which i plan to work during the week .
that * .
so i got to cook for NUM people again .
i 'm with : i 'd rather be a crying little pussy than a kid wedding .
i weighed in at saturday morning .
pretty good , eh ?
not that much , actually .
if i 'm right about my level , that 's about calories over .
but the proof will be in what i weigh once i my stores .
why such high as leg ?
or so i 've been told .
no , i did not have any of those swearing of fried sugar , i wanted a damn .
and i notice that my cd player remote control bit is gone .
the cover ? is gone .
NUM cd remote player , which does n't help if your stolen cd does n't have a cd .
here 's my job .
* homer * my player is older than my friggin ' computer .
just tell me , i 'll go along with it , but honestly .
it takes a real of to .
but i guess digging through my trash would your noble fucking profession .
i 've been dreaming about the ; a whole of .
so small they could fit into the palm of your hand .
i 'm not sure what all of that means but for some reason i have n't been able to be
it 's true , chuck was right i do talk a lot .
apparently , had .
all i really needed was a weekend .
my mother never really thought of a weekend .
the stores stores are closed at NUM o'clock in the evening .
ironically , two guys drivers were hanging around their bosses cars , smoking a cigarette .
thank goodness for years .
we were in the of breaking of up .
and all i could ever answer to him was .
- trend discovery discovery for
i was just talking to work about last night 's real world .
can someone please tell me one reason why it was ok for her to show her to everyone .
so sue me . !
that 's the .
i bought this cd a bit after it came out , a few months ago .
for a moment i found myself smiling but a moment is n't very long .
the album is all of songs of .
a lot of the songs are just him and his job .
i 'm definitely in a steel guitar mood .
i might listen to some young john next , either with angels with broken or brother .
NUM anyone see the weird .
the moore picture said .
then on p. were some oil for one .
check out the site -- do n't get too excited , but it 's worth looking at .
i suggest getting them without the chicken and , just in .
i mean that 's got some real to it , real drama .
be big time '' .
they 're wonderful .
about a year ago i found a wonderful weight loss support board .
together we are winning this weekend battle with weight .
we are a huge group of losers and i could n't be .
just and .
this week was pretty much a complete and utter wash .
i was hoping that i could get back on track but it did n't work out that way .
i was n't hurting anyone with my lies but myself and i sure was n't me this .
i was so excited about being on a newborn lj '' that i was trying to maintain it without the
i lost a few pounds and considering my lack of exercise this week i am pretty happy with it .
this is definitely a learning experience but all that learning will only make me stronger .
-rrb- had of words , lyrics as the fall asleep in together , talking .
he talks about her , she talks about his job with it 's figure together .
he 's made the bed .
she lights the candles and would him down .
and the old man 's advice rings in her ears .
she could only laugh , smile and brush it off .
and so they fall asleep to strange dreams regimen and wake up to the .
come back here with my !
i got home about NUM and got in the bed about NUM but i have n't been able to be
i gave up altogether about twenty minutes ago , and just decided to go ahead and get ready .
i really , really do n't think i want to be alert and for the this .
so i am going to ask for some or something .
i just do n't really want to hear anything they 're going to say .
i know i am being paranoid .
' ; '' > . ' ' ;
an quick revealed be our style xanga experiment by three boys was the reason , newspaper .
the final ingredients were a small amount of work out of some old fireworks and a .
from there it was tossed nearly NUM years over , by an by bang enormous .
but they could have injured themselves .
i currently have over $ NUM in bills in that are due to various companies at the end of the
the problem lies in the fact that currently in my checking account is approximately $ NUM .
and no , i have no idea why they 'd be paying me in piss just off back .
my brain races all day about the things i should be doing and the things i wish i could have
almost five years to the day , i found myself sitting at my desk , alone and .
five years ago i was working at a small in my spare time after school .
so where am i today ?
i 'm depressed , i 'm angry , and i 'm certainly more confused than i was five years .
so i 'm poor and living at home and fighting to the death with my college career .
then why the hell am i losing sleep every night and stressing my days away ?
but their voices ca n't ever seem to the ones that .
because i 'll fail .
because i 'll fail .
because i 'll fucking fail .
so who 's going to leave the work it 's not that bad '' comment ?
this room , this house , this town , this skin , all feels like it 's just a little
my world is n't NUM degrees off , more like NUM degrees .
i 'm depressed because i advance this misery in my dreams of the future .
how can i expect my friends to keep faith in me when i back down ?
how can i expect to live happy when i live on the ?
i just wish once something would slide this way or that way just enough for me to think i have
but i also do understand that if i want to achieve dreams and goals or whatever , i need to
jesus , i just went third person .
i just do n't believe in putting my all into something that does n't seem like it will take the
i 'm angry because i 've totally fucked myself over in everything .
and i guess i might be complaining about other things .
and im not going to except the usual this of can you do it comments .
if i knew what was broken and how to fix it , i 'd be writing this .
might as well break out the booze and and finish this bitch off the eh , ?
lets see if i can sleep tonight , im not counting on it .
anyway , i did n't make it to , i only managed to get into top NUM .
ann ann .
watch out it 's
but , since we 've been talking about a book club lately , i thought this article about the
, i realized i am pretty out of it when it comes to new .
on '' - will - explain it to you at mcdonalds ' .
where do kids go to learn the facts of life in france - mcdonalds !
while this comes easy for some people , it has n't for me .
this turned into a NUM year adventure , for a NUM year degree .
best of all , i do n't have to do the job hunt thing .
me and my motivation
it is still sure today - very teddy , but still .
i ended up coming home early today because i 'm not feeling well .
it takes a while to load , but damn funny .
well , you can be the judge and then feel free to let me know .
interesting little read about a time .
if you look at nothing else on this page , check this out !
how to build a time machine by paul .
it was the episode that discussed of and of their many with .
time is just a way of getting a jump on this flow by by yourself to the speed .
does it still exist somewhere , in some form ?
it would still be impossible , however , to travel to any point in time before this i had to
stranger things have happened .
it made me think and it made me wonder .
that is odd that the would send out that are not that by the .
ray , being a slut , wants me not to bother with the jeans or underwear .
maybe he called me at the wrong time ?
i , juz kinda cranky .
me : rarely been into him : stitch u always go there ?
me : * is never friday to be a compliment or an insult ?
does going to beach often means that u r a beach ?
: dun notice u the fucking ?
anyway there is no rule that fat that fat might go to the beach .
just a simple conclusion : do not be .
has anyone seen courtney love 's lips lately ?
she could a ball with her mouth .
these are about as fake as fake can get .
i must be up at to beat the traffic to run some sort of test for my company .
i will go to bed .
i must be patient .
but again , i know better .
even a waitress gig .
there will be a reward for it all , these hard years of .
but respect the outcome .
they often do n't like who we to power , either .
some NUM percent voted for the popular party .
it 's hardly like the whole country threw in the towel .
but the thing about the pc design on the mac - i can believe .
however , i will not buy an ipod ever .
you got ta love work .
the official for last night for NUM was NUM , NUM .
the plain truth is that people want to support come a winner , and right now we do n't have
besides that , parking for the game can be a problem , particularly on a when there are not .
the team , while .
then there 's the the itself .
for several years , work has been known as a . '' the house . ''
it 's packed pretty tight in there .
in the work , when it 's loud and rocking , i truly believe it 's worth fifteen .
needless to say , with less than half of the seats filled , it was nothing like that last night
i 'm sure to say that it was a who put it down .
it was simply incredible .
if i can find it online , i 'll post it .
despite the fact that won , it was not a particularly good game .
i looked at my watch with ten minutes left in the game , and it was NUM : NUM .
i was right : it took minutes .
consequently decided to start with about five minutes left , and it took forever for the game to the
not .
it 's part of the game , and i accept that .
i saw a guy get in the face last night , and the foul was called on the .
i think he am off on the other .
for a couple of years , the band was just bad , and painful to soothe to .
the band got a new director , and the has improved greatly .
it would be nice to have some variety .
these .
hopefully that 's on the agenda for next year .
it feels like i 'm climbing a mountain .
how far away that time is depends on how much walking i do , the speed of which depends .
for a while , it was hard deciding which mountain to climb .
the office came and went with beer and fun and .
but it made it fun to be up again this morning off weekend and enjoying the magic of cable .
those moments are of the .
south in , east and the middle school middle .
and .
i really appreciated being there and felt appreciated .
there is something about north carolina that i really like .
i 'm sorry , i said . '' - totally different than .
he has a soul patch .
political ad -lrb- iraqi players for some reason lately i 've been really feeling like commenting on stories .
to be quite honest with you , when i saw that ad for the first time , it upset .
we still have troops there !
freedom does n't come with having troops from another country his your nation .
and then .
i completely support the iraqi soccer team .
i also support the iraqi team in the olympics .
this is not because of what my country did to work '' them but that for once they have .
crowd goes wild eh .
now that is cause for celebration !
what is it about him that breaks your heart ?
even sunday during his as tried to eat my jacket , that little boy was just breaking my .
him and his little chin and brown with .
i ca n't wait until he can talk to me that is !
otherwise , our office is getting busy preparing for next weekend 's conference which i am from to my
will any of you guys be going ?
i think some of the changes i made originally did n't happen .
then i must be
- focus on one thing .
i found me that in order to succeed
make too many holes and you 're not going to last long .
- z and s although they 're not as can be useful too .
people for who they are and to admit that they can be a good thing .
as things pile up you grow desperate , making more mistakes .
on many mistakes and you 're all - more than to create more mistakes on top of that .
- . taught me how to be about .
if you know what lies ahead you can your .
there are a lot more lessons to learn !
but if you have a large you need to work on things one at a time .
but you just have to be patient and work on things bit by individually .
but that 's ok , i was very very as i should be .
so we saw a spot of jazz and then met up with .
that we were going to see a movie as well .
pity it was very , very bad .
after this we saw a little more jazz , and got back home .
justin 's site is turning into a wonderful for all on things cool and japanese .
alas , i am back again bitching about school .
never has left the building .
gets the after one beer .
when it 's time to leave , .
i pull him close for a long embrace and he says .
`` oh , .
he smiles and looks at everyone once more .
the conversation turns to .
`` adam , you 're fucking married to a .
do n't believe everything you read .
i ca n't seem to find my way out .
`` through the front door love . ''
where 's where the front door ? ''
i waited for a couple more .
they continued to .
things like this really shave my husband .
want sorry love , through the front door .
she was n't actually .
but is i find this woman in front door myself . ''
i get a touch of the 's .
i will not be being by anyone , regardless of their status in society , or position on the
as soon as someone to me into a position of an i react will and deal with the .
saturday began with beers at the rocks .
so the snacks snacks start coming .
there was two more hours until work and mike 's party started .
i think they 're meant for the people playing the poker machines .
we were them by the .
is there when i come back from the bathroom .
i have nothing to noticable to you ?
like i said , i like art that is honest and raw .
i did n't feel like saying the nice usual supportive things to him , even though i am his .
he talked about how some bits were really lame , and i a .
you look so much better but your face is all in like a chicken beer .
you back off because you 're scared and naive and proud .
so and i had another meeting about my request to work less hours as a employee .
consequently well , i know i ca n't work anymore .
what will what you do though ? ''
i want i you want to look yourself .
is there someone you can talk to ?
i begin to feel bad about about how concerned he is .
have you 're only as sick as you want to be , '' he had said .
i do n't want you to feel you responsible about this andrew . ''
it was quite touching .
it 's likely that i will the following friday the dive to temporary into a financial life of temporary .
it could be me .
i got this email today from a friend , makes me think these are things i should start .
but what if we just stuck to the basic rules of life ?
we find it harder to follow them do n't lie .
say your prayers daily .
new year beginning the year with my arms around you , my honey , will always be in the
i 've been writing and painting alot , and just generally losing my mind over my lack of employment .
i 'm just about to start .
note : i 'll accept either the or hard copy of either .
scroll it up best , one is white , the other is black .
there will never be another , not in NUM , NUM years , even in a computer .
a , hope you enjoy the last few nights in the .
give em your best . ''
those all need a dose of reality .
: which is worse ?
probably not a great idea .
i have turned my porch into usa usa '' .
actually it 's the grey between the black of the ghetto and the white of the .
red , white and blue !
so in the heart of my pit bull spoon , bass neighborhood i have created a inspired .
thorns ya 'll come back real soon ! ''
i could n't think of a title .
not much going on lately .
let me just say one thing , 's are not for the ?
nifty little tune there .
was the guest band , and they rocked , as always .
but it 's in an office building , and it kind of reminds me of the .
then we went to the weekend .
was n't as bad as ed and susan had always described .
unfortunately i sorta fell off my husband , so i 'll have to work on that next time .
oh dude , i just checked my , and i found an essential mix with jack junior .
i 'm tired of typing , and you bore me .
hopefully that goes some way towards explaining the slightly title of the first post .
sorry , have to whine a little bit today .
after a nice , sunny fun filled weekend this crappy weather me .
is that really too much to ask ?
it was wicked rough going back yesterday after a nice NUM day break from that place .
i want a new job , i think .
so far , so good although , it would n't take much at all to be an improvement .
last night after work , i went with work and for a drink .
i think i just had such a nice break , it 's big time sucking going back to .
i just need to get too it out there , and outta my system .
i 'm sitting here watching this who wants to marry my dad ? ''
i would never lower myself to something like this . ''
i signed up for orientation for july NUM at .
i 'm getting anxious .
but now i 'm NUM and hoping i wo n't be thrown back in with a bunch of .
i have to go now and see who 's next to get read work : on by a national .
so i started thinking today that it would be fun to pick up her NUM yr old sister .
one being i want to spend quality time with her without her having to compete with the other .
and it is loud .
it just means she 's kind of work , i guess .
perhaps she 'll wait to release the until i 've dumped her off at home .
music playing : .
jeff is going to show up half an hour ago .
maybe i 'll spend money i do n't have .
question what 's your favorite flavor of blue bell ice cream ?
i have put a lot of work into this site over the last year and a half .
there are also a few .
i am grateful and hope some more find my site .
the smell takes me back to a year and a half ago .
but i 'm actually not tired .
and homer are n't my thing , i feel like i 'm wasting precious time .
i 'm enjoying james .
i 'm not sure how the ? function there .
i will need to put more effort to increase the of the website .
kids books a man in an time . ''
ok yeah so now that i got there and the site worked all my thoughts are gone .
the last few days , they will be back sunday or monday , sheesh then ryan will be .
queer eye for the straight guy is back tonight with all new episodes .
it 's a , ! ''
anyway , seems was the day that chad got to the the tank at the county fair .
chad 's friend had ate all the fair food his stomach could handle .
i 'm simply not used to it but i have to get used to it whether i want to be
and no , we do not have a date set .
i would change a thing about it .
that may be by next week .
i 'm being impatient i know
so came to town today !
and jumps up from the .
she 's been living on a mountain for like a year now .
i ca n't wait , fun will surely .
everything is falling into place to bring back my party . !
i 'm not up let drink lots of beer and dance myself pink on saturday .
my posts with song lines is getting to be to hard .
sorry it 's being posted so late , but today 's .
hello this first blog is dedicated to two special people in my life that have been asking for me .
well for now i have to go to work but i hope to keep you guys and others who do
in two minutes , it will be christmas eve .
at NUM years old , i was n't even allowed to take the city bus .
i hardly ever went to work parties and all in all i did n't have a lot of independence .
i had no independence , no privacy .
as i got a little older , i had a little independence in the area of walking to and
they were ahead of their time .
in college , i ran into one of my friends from the block who disappeared the year i turned to
remember , i said my parents everybody carefully .
anyway , i think you get the point .
it 's about time for me to work again from work at least
stores the following information : description of the assembly .
the types that are .
security needed to run .
members fields , fields , , events , types .
the assembly .
well , it 's done .
it is certainly a weight off my shoulders , what with all the issues i 've been having there .
it 's been many years since i was in a direct of type sales , role and .
so we 'll see .
i was just surprised to see them he apartment in charge of all the and paperwork stuffs .
that would be a very much good thing .
the idea of working with bruce and tina again makes me think of how everything tends to be .
i worked with those two people NUM months ago , left , did a little and here we have to
perhaps i 've put a new weight back on , but perhaps not .
count on aol to do it : news news | technology | blog a for everyone for the .
i 've worked NUM days so far .
it 's a staff and i 'm number NUM in the sports power infrastructure .
friday i have my first writing assignment .
i read the beach and it made me want to be hop again .
i still have the travelling bug .
we just rented a baseball video game .
i 'm thinking about moving up to the ?
it 's about an hour and a half drive each way .
my car was it on the NUM . m. are .
as did the wonderful bob dylan , who 's music is currently in a victoria secret commercial .
i feel this way about the museum though .
i 'm pretty with the museum , just in case you could n't tell .
i do n't think there will be any moving done for the next couple days .
i 'm wearing ass high boots today to keep the snow away from my .
NUM more days of museum employment .
first time this week and i am already buried in homework .
i have an interview next week with a good company in from work !
nothing like being in an uncomfortable outfit being with questions for half a day .
best of all it is not a contract position .
the environment is exactly my type of place .
people can be found by under there .
-- charles , christianity and the culture .
what a bummer , i liked .
until my computer is fixed i cant even use google to search for one .
the rest of the plaza quietly quietly with the sounds of in traffic .
, .
after a few debate , i managed to convince him to sell me the toy for the price area .
when i turned back to the office , sound had returned and the looks on people s face had to
hi am much better now the worst of the pain is over and i sure glad .
i found this on the pissed kitty 's site .
i am a subtle , quiet and polite , gentle , gentle .
best not to work me on your clothes though , i can leave a nasty .
i have no memories .
this is what i do know : i know my name .
the enemy .
i remember nothing more of this life .
right now though , i m running through a forest .
i have done this a hundred times before .
you don t believe me ?
hidden up ahead , behind a log , is a .
i jump up over the log and there he is .
but , instead of shooting him , i jump .
here comes that log again .
the office flies through the air and .
now i have all six of them .
i run towards it and a a .
everything goes black again .
i don t bother trying to fight it .
it never lasts too long .
now , i m inside a room surrounded by steel plates and lights .
a drops drops to his knees in front of me and .
i knew it would .
i m still trying to make sense of it all .
it s too hard .
oh well son , you can just have to try again tomorrow .
dating quiz are you ready for long term in a relationship ?
do you have at least five minutes each day to set aside for someone ?
are you willing to put someone else 's interests ahead of your own ?
if no to question NUM , are you at least willing not to put someone else 's interests behind me
can you spend time with someone without trying to change them ?
can you live without for high expectations on someone ?
i feel today .
yea let 's do that .
immediately i am .
i am girl with backpack .
note , drug in the .
do i have my job number ?
i think i hear her head shaking when libra this has feeling girl finally walks away from counter .
bus stations are perfect .
where the lower of society hang out .
the lady with the and glasses and chin no chin .
the people you could stick into a stage performance play as the for lady or the drill .
the one at the front is big .
scroll as blind lady with white stick makes her way to the front .
i have been sitting in a messy line for an hour hoping to to a window seat for the
i realize i am in the wrong line .
i get an attractive seat by the driver .
not the , i looks away kind of stare .
i am my jacket to hide my face , he .
time for a truck stop break and a machine dinner machine .
there is a man little arcade game .
there is a row of spoon machines .
it reminds me of the kind of life i do not want to lead .
i was awake when the sun rose .
and the creepy guy was suddenly creepy .
so what 's new to tell everyone about .
colin and i a kitten at a colin 's spoon on saturday night .
so is the proud new owner of a little girl kitten she named this .
they said they would call people back on thursday whether you got the job or not , cross your life
hopefully that will be fun .
i sat next to this lovely woman woman who i spoke a bit about the books with after the
and it has the mtv video on night sunday , i hope someone i like for a job .
maybe i will get a at the concert .
the movie i was hoping to be at the festival this year was n't chosen , so i am not
i am a little scared of it myself , but hopefully it will be fun .
the , what nights did you want again , monday and thursday i think , at the .
well , hopefully you did n't work or fall asleep reading about my life !
they afraid that if it 's they wo n't be able to resist that to go out to the
his is a this band , ' and ' the subject at hand .
well the .
it really is quite something .
it is heavy and requires about seven large for wall for .
i do rent , after all .
and i have finished my assigned task .
so i 'm getting paid to sit here and do this .
or is it himself ?
ha ha ha !
i basically went up to the guy at the counter and said , .
i guess i 'll just have to take one of everything . ''
so today i got up and immediately started the process .
i cleaned the walls , the window , and the .
did n't take me as long as i thought it would .
then came the drop .
the drop is now is to the to .
is n't glad wrap difficult enough to use when it 's small ?
a piece of glad wrap is never going to stay where i want it to on the floor .
if i do n't post again in the next few days , please call NUM and have them break .
when i move to dc , this will be the first time i 've lived in a place with a
again ladies and .
leave it to those over at fox to come up with the baby to dog beauty .
it had a talent portion , and evening .
her ! green would be was .
the jr mix climbed a and walked to a rescue to a baby !
alas the . com made their decision sweet and enjoyed , miss illinois was the first ever .
and new linux trouble , but i 'll fix that soon .
i was going to say hello to , and then go with susan to a nice a cafe .
but nice to say talk and such , since we have been away .
i tasted a nice beer beer , but otherwise i drank .
except the others were going to cafe to get something to eat
in the end we were home around NUM
in a .
i also talked to , who besides climbing also rides full and .
well , she might not have , but hopefully she will come by and see how .
* so , yeah .
and i do n't really get over it , ever .
she never thought she would ever get divorced she seemed to have the perfect marriage , so she was n't
did he cheat on her or did he just almost cheat on her ?
she just ! and says things simply did n't work out .
would we still be together .
obviously , having NUM years to think about the what '' helps you see the big picture .
she does n't really care , but needs to make sure that she is doing way better than he .
she has on end with me the questions and of life .
she , almost in a challenging way , how do i know this wo n't end the same time .
i tell her what happened had really nothing to do with her , it was him .
i .
she is not selfish ; she is loving and very giving .
he will love her and treat her right and never do what her ex did to her .
maybe writing this will make her really realize that .
a picture from last week .
those are her knees .
i really just wanted to put a picture up here - it 's been so .
and it 's interesting .
the singer , who since NUM has the band , believed the in names in would cause .
unfortunately , was n't kidding .
`` is ' in spanish .
it did n't really seem like there was going to be any point of confusion .
had no comment by press time .
must be acting as an agent of god who did n't want some crappy band using his .
it 's NUM : what are you doing ?
i am so tired that i know today at work i will not be productive , , happy , and
i 'm so tired that i 'm wearing glasses for the second time to work .
what the fuck man ?
of sleep to go along with them .
somebody pass the jelly
. . '' .
go big or go home does anyone believe getting .
microsoft flash for a knitting tv - tech news -
NUM : NUM am : the phone rings .
the guys had just got off the highway and needed some further direction .
i am through the window , but saw no .
we joked about bugs and big stuff and stuff , and then i fell asleep .
like even than the last one .
check out the new game dave 's got on his blog today .
that 's money and time well spent .
we .
we both just thought it up to being a dumbass and knew not to do it again .
it 's not your fault .
what 's that you say ?
it 's clearly their fault .
we also talked briefly about the de the pop .
i do n't know how i feel about people i know reading it closely .
on second thought , maybe i should work on its first .
and a group . the death of another person .
let people die how they want .
saw a red - or red red headed lady taking from order a guy at the centre .
note to single guys : the worse place to find an available single girl would be at the market .
-rrb- enough the ones that always follow their to the market to be the guys are which includes .
no wonder we have so many .
but yeah , i really think it 's the best thing to have ever happened to .
you wo n't ever see me there anymore but .
everyone around me is .
it looked just like a model home .
man , i 'm so behind .
we spent hours looking through the magazines , books and searching the net for colors .
someone post it and we can find out .
but probably not as bad as ed did last sunday .
break working hard writing up her thesis , mark writing p a paper and mark mail on my .
later , peace is shattered by the arrival of wonderful singing have the right to fight and .
the boys are discussing when to go to the pub with comments about being hungry - very hungry .
who 's your movie ?
do i seem to be making any difference ?
we told them already !
i really thoroughly trusted him .
i will shortly leave here and lose my email , etc .
and there are people that love me .
what 's on the schedule ?
this weekend : NUM day @ great america + NUM day of work -- one dangerous weekend .
june : .
labor day weekend : going to london - for free staying with my friend ian and using miles .
firstly read the then read my to same .
covers and how they relate to the internal dew .
q 's etc .
i lost my cd !
now i 'm stuck with 's 's .
to nathan for for making it .
got kate off to school , showered and had coffee and not in that order .
drove to oregon in in traffic and .
turns out the weather was clouds feet and other severe and dangerous conditions !
crossed into oregon and hit traffic at a in all in .
more traffic and finally dropped her and kate off for a weekend camping trip that 's become something of the
and but not .
drove a total of NUM miles today , and i 'm beat .
this festival is celebrated by the japanese .
after the . s. for our madness once against our mind . our !
go back to take to my headed and kenny to headed 's house , stay n .
i enjoyed it though after that we kenny to kenny or his latest for the !
they are having a mini concert in dance club something this coming thursday sharp !
from left : real , , the ian
yup , the activity here is moving at a slow crawl ! !
even though as .
i work better under pressure !
either way being home was good and i am looking forward to the summer .
summer will fix that , i am sure .
sarah , i am so glad we went out .
i am looking forward to more for ' !
ideally , you are a shit , but what can i do you mean the world to me .
until next time time deserve always , your , thanks for '' being my sanity .
shane , if you read this i am thinking about you .
* colorado university head football gary coach is there any question this guy needs to go ?
* baseball 's spring training has started .
* as baseball .
* one of 's remaining home games is tomorrow afternoon the state .
i 'm also hoping a lot of people show up , so she can see how much fun a .
my troy are heading into their final contest tonight at work wayne .
* i caught a show on last night called most extreme challenge .
they were actually showing a marathon , and i think .
whenever someone was having issues with one of these items , they would come to me for help .
i did always seem to fix the problem maybe that 's why .
i can hear it .
what 's to complain about ?
* anyone else like .
my name is ?
i am a . nerd '' .
apparently , ai will never kiss a girl , because i suck .
to say the least , i am finding the social aspects of the challenging .
just last week , big living including up how my cat down in the .
everyone had a good laugh .
my hand would get sore , but then i could switch to a or a .
so after school , he relieved himself on some snow and happily made me eat it .
i like her a lot .
then big z took my pants down again .
big z was going down .
steve is hunting me in the .
NUM : -- second period .
NUM : -- back to class .
NUM : -- second passing time .
they see me in the office office complaining of a stomach problem .
NUM : -- third period .
i throw up on him .
steve is sent to his gym locker for a change of clothes .
as answers , and kicks him in the balls .
madison , what you 've just said is one of the most insanely insanely people i have ever .
everyone in this room is now for having for listened to it .
the principal , who billy madison '' .
looks like i finally have a green light with this beast .
everyone please send me an email on whether you are going to play fantasy football again this year .
the league has a trash talking website now .
check out the site at : the .
helping the google test for page two and see how fast i update with google .
what do you do ?
you ca n't believe that what goes around comes around .
you 're definitely never going to kill yourself , because when you die , that 's it .
that 's about the only night i belive in now .
but hey , that 's common sense really .
i mean why not , we 're always in some way in , i hope .
i was into therapy for awhile but i got tired of being asked how does that make you .
i like reading them though , they are amusing at least and linda 's love signs is always .
there really is no outlet outlet when you 're a .
can get rid of the hope cause it 's my middle name .
after ocean 's twelve , the capital stupidest capital the is used as a background for yet another movie .
i saw a part of the first this movie on television .
the second part will probably be even worse .
these are my good buddies and coworkers playing an extremely intense game of basketball .
i get the office and we 'll draw a new world .
because why would god do that to us ?
a meaningless , meaningless , utterly meaningless '' guess the quote .
i saw this website in the wedding for this blog .
so far it 's alright .
today i have to go and get my new license .
i left it there and they said they had it and they then could n't find it .
: not too much on my mind today so i guess i 'll get and get some work .
other than his wife group effort , still the best thing where ever did before he decided to try .
i went to the store and saw that the darkness has two .
so i went on work and one of the wtc was on there .
yeah , real .
but anyhoo : we 're not mad .
the as than the old grey lady we like , we like !
here are some thoughts : max .
sidenote : young , former trial lawyer with a long mile money trail to their .
an effective military attack dog .
ouch , now i know what it truly feels like to be a bachelor .
and i have no food , either !
that 's a nice thought .
personally , i 'm a fan of , ' .
i have n't heard anything that ugly since , .
will we ever let that die ?
what classic movie are you ?
jason d. jordan , NUM , of , died , on july NUM , NUM , in the ,
jordan was assigned to work , company , company battalion , fort fort , kentucky .
i 'm back for certain !
eats are clean and on plan .
still waiting for the scale to catch up with my mind , but hey i 'm willing to be a
only so far .
on one side , he was the basis for the .
was he just playing for both sides ?
NUM why was creating two that were to cook her each other ?
if so , how ironic is it that the future was responsible for the death of so many of the
alot of what we saw happened because it had to happen .
being on a track than it was going in a big old gas suv .
us president george w bush has been named as the yahoo !
shopping for groceries not at all something i like .
and clothes for , an exercise ball for the rats , and yes the groceries .
it 's a royal pain in the ass i think i 'd rather have been work done .
yes , started wearing contact with vegas , trial period now for a week .
met mum and dad for the appointment .
was pretty ok , with the exception !
boy , i had a good meal there , had over types of dishes to choose from .
and it was a great show .
it is definately a good moral tale .
happy because i finished camp extremely early like NUM : .
as quite early , but saw that and .
we were going down for our first stadium training .
after which , we had a small and supper of to follow .
also learnt that for the next training , there was not going to be a senior officer around .
of for for sat .
alright , getting late , need to pack my stuff .
i took me about NUM mins to out it on .
i did get in NUM jumps , though .
what sucks about rain are all the that get washed into our pool .
they also die , and that 's a waste of a perfectly good .
turns out the frog into the pool and got sucked into the ?
frog was n't there this morning , so maybe he did make it , after all .
last night i was reading a book and all of a sudden i heard this trip individually out .
the book i was reading was the keep , a horror novel by 16th paul wilson .
he gets killed and .
this book is one of wilson 's earlier books .
he wrote three years to the keep , which i have started to .
is that so bad ?
so , for those that are religious - i 'm sure she could use with your prayers .
i do n't really know , guess we 'll just have to see .
i think it all started when i downloaded an old from tune last night , .
those who know her will recognize who she is , and that 's fine .
it 's taken me this long just to be able to find it to download .
she was a nice girl , and i found her very attractive .
not necessarily a pleasant night , but a night nonetheless .
somehow , it had fallen upon myself and a couple of other girls to take care of these two .
the other was not .
and she asked me why i did n't think she was good enough for me .
the other girl is engaged to be married .
but the whole incident that night revealed a of my personality that i still do n't fully understand .
that 's the usual pattern , anyway .
i do n't wish any of the girls ill will , though .
hell , especially them , it seems .
i think it 's probably -- i do n't think i 'm attractive , so then i 'm .
i also tend to think the girls who are attracted to me could do better .
that 's no good for anyone , including me , and especially her .
just song of the moment : bob dylan , thai idiot wind ''
and with project : this , who knows what will happen ?
watching him , and his commentary , on has been a blast and i 'm glad to be a .
maybe it will finally be a 's time ?
she believes that the world is really made up of two .
those that like nuts in their dessert , and b .
it perhaps seems a bit petty to work people into such .
here is my evidence .
a coffee with stores with all in fifty states and about a other cities around the world that .
then watch in .
what wo n't believe you eat your !
homer so , what , you do n't like ice cream now because it has nuts on it ?
for some reason , all .
thanksgiving has been forever once my grandmother found another in rebel nuts along with the in the .
consequently c : people who do n't like food like nuts in their dessert .
these are people who will off of toast and energy bars every day if given the chance .
why do these people enjoy nuts in their ?
does adding something they to their food serve to remind them that they are eating something ?
these are interesting questions that someone should ask those of the opposite .
it has been suggested to me that i start a website for eating dessert people .
in the meantime , i suggest that you all with all nuts with in it .
is n't that so rude ? ''
i stop and smile and wait for him to run into me and feel like an asshole .
scenario four : at the .
i settled for using a up sheet from the last from customer to this particular this weekend .
this was a welcome fix .
et kara victor this blog .
a , british a job blog .
i have n't been by to check that blog out yet , by the way .
just hey i hope you have protection while doing it . !
he .
sorry , you are not an instant winner .
sorry , you are not an instant winner .
tim and i have the best conversations , ever .
signed off at NUM : NUM : NUM am .
well i 'm certainly behind on the news .
i 'm very much stoked .
oh best part is it 's free .
why is it that often when we want to speak to someone , they 're not there ?
i do n't know
and eventually entered .
while we a thought site for the weekend of the of .
i imagined it would be easiest to go toward the , then across to the .
we safely made our way to the company , i felt as though my job could not accept into the
i understood , and so we both made camp that night in .
my word tina is a catch .
they -- hot , amy -- hot .
i love the job though , always and forever .
quite a tale , and quite glad am i that i did not witness it first hand .
i think i 'm sure than i was a few seconds ago .
the sex in fact in the humidity , but i prefer the latter .
today was fun really it was .
after a a string of a .
we went to this weekend and lunch with one of his business business , who was a one point .
i ordered a and had to pay $ NUM dollars .
after the late , but seriously expensive $ NUM we headed out to the movies .
we saw the new charlie 's angels : full .
otherwise all the songs are great , especially the one by pink .
the special effects which look really good when is the one is performing them are great .
for all the guys there is a part at the end when the girls are washing car and getting the
we both found there together in march and met in NUM months ago .
, .
saw a sample of the the mini cutie .
so if you see bob , tell him .
i found the blog of one of my tonight .
finally , the truth came out .
anyone who knows me knows that i am far from your typical asian at least i hope .
i sleeping at NUM weeks
gmail account going going
let me know via the comment section .
play old video game .
, who had been the great life from eternity , is the life of all things .
nothing lives without him ; nothing is .
.
and so growth tends to .
thus this earth , as i have said , will be consumed .
the year runs a .
we see it again in animals , which are and by things , young but on old and .
nature , then , has no !
the soul as it is by nature , by original creation , has no permanent of permanent life in the
why is not nature enough ?
follow such a one into the next world .
life of the soul is in the ; he has no closed heart .
nature ages ; it has in it no of life .
we must go beyond nature ; we must go to something higher .
all . have lived by , , , etc .
they try to order the universe to be in making them feel better .
but even if were perfect patients , make than terrible .
fortunately , it was mostly out of his system the next day .
can we say grumpy grumpy little bitch '' ?
man i only kind of know so far , at least -- and we have a date .
and wondering how big it might on us in the hands of connected religion behavior .
i need to go learn the new in .
i do n't understand .
it looks like apple is in full swing mode .
the speed in are for dramatic and were badly needed .
in the united states of america we drive on the side of the road .
it has become a major pet mine .
that is my rant of the morning .
two stories from the new york times two years points .
second , non profit face same the same .
specifically , their job fail to with .
more than show .
it is set to open a new space in manhattan .
but is it worth the price of ?
a can feel for the history down on his very across that these walks before the town building .
why are they there ?
the wedding is confused .
the met could stand a good editor .
almost all of them have issues related to the NUM u-v .
the times piece fails to mention another issue that has could become a greater problem in the future .
the museum was great , and it is has improved since its .
are these things and other chasing debt three weeks $ or too little time from ?
how do deliver more value for the dollar ?
for are coming to are as this as wall street journal story reports .
if so , why is that important ?
how should this project proceed ?
i wish that rick and greg k. were around to share their views with us .
grocery shopping should be simple , right ?
to feed two people for a week !
he has no concept of reasonable shopping .
he does the shopping and if he goes over the amount we agreed on , he pays the difference .
exciting frightening jumping at the thunder and .
i love it rain , the the to rebel roof
the in a blanket and grab a good book hot cup of coffee what a nice day .
will this this survive ?
feels kinda ashamed to be the citizen of a country which can not protect its honest people .
this remains to be seen .
it pretty cool and all .
i have yet to finish the art and the stuff for the comic .
i watched the passion of the christ and it was pretty good .
it really puts a different spin on something some people may have thought of themselves as of .
as well as constant inspiration .
i have discovered an all new way of making music , and i have discovered that i am hahaz .
i have to do this , for there is creation in my blood , and i must get some .
mary is the big rebel , '' the powerful virgin by john henry , .
such is the world of nature ; but there is another and still more wonderful world .
despite prayed , and god said that there never again should be a .
prayed , and the sun stood still .
prayed , and brought down fire from heaven .
no one has access to the as his mother has ; has none for such as hers .
i thought the main character was a .
it 's weird when you play a computer game and get in worse as you play it from sheer .
next time i do a quote i am quote six weeks for design instead of one .
that 's okay , tho !
two and a half weeks .
will i be going to india ?
okay , that last one is of slightly less importance heehee .
they were talking during the beer and we all know old people ca n't so it was really so .
this old couple must be on a date .
i found the whole situation hilarious .
they never really reward , except for a few years which seem to be the exception .
but the city that is given to return along of the king once again bothers me .
i 've had that argument .
the entire was mostly was .
the .
i 've been with work of rebel this weekend on the cable the .
everyone who is from battle in as if they just put in a hard couple of hours .
as it is , .
can we talk about ?
what sets me over the edge is the of so many people to such an to story such .
an article is not an of because it is long .
we learned nothing about these characters that was n't already known in the first two hours .
and never mind the job and ridiculous of the evil of technology and the of the life of the life
i have just returned from seeing . intelligence intelligence .
i 'm still .
audience : .
a : . do n't beat around the bush ! ''
a : .
and how was it , you then ask ?
and then went and saw said retort .
so it 's all good .
and i will have happy dreams .
today 's bible study was on .
when you are down it is god 's turn to work in your life .
on live in kl , there are too many as many to watch their show .
is it bedtime yet ?
cycle cycle and .
all my died while i was away last weekend .
at least my fish are still alive .
busy time of year , with and all .
do n't want to do anything .
my eyes are tired all the time .
got a new , but have n't had a chance to play with it yet .
looks like a pretty cool toy so far , though .
, who as few of the rescue effort , also feature in the . ''
i still had hopes that some sort of human would of .
this is gon na be one fucking ugly election .
women entering in regular in underwear find their , however , become .
homer is the for for .
never bet against a .
what at women 's .
hang in to know why i am the way i am :
the two opening bands however blew so hard .
yea i like the lead singer from .
and do n't get me started on the people there .
okay it has been decided i hate la shows and the people that go .
i truly believe that the environment you are around work how you will enjoy the show .
she is like fun bobby from that one friends ?
perhaps i 've mentioned my love of work ?
real pretty flowers too .
had i but world enough and time .
i keep staring at my job since last night , btw .
i somehow like my feet so much better than usual when my own this wear .
NUM $ for nail polish ?
i hope you will find it the best time pass on the net !
i hold in my hand a ring , one that has never meant a thing .
he says he loves me but another t show it .
the lies he tells make me wonder why .
why does he hurt me so ?
he says that he loves me .
this game that he s playing , i don t wan na play it .
he .
but will it ever happen ?
he wants me to want him , but not the way that i do .
or are we through ?
i want to know the real him , but it always ends in a fight .
hey look what i found out how to do .
so , i thought i would write for him !
brain , andrea and went with us .
it was really fun we had a group of about NUM of us .
but overall the day turned out to be perfect for going down the river .
then later that night we went to doug 's dad 's house and road .
after that we went to fireworks in .
well , we headed back to iowa sunday afternoon after going to church .
it was a lot different , but it was a great church .
anyway , it was a good change from our big church and the pastor had a great message and
i love you .
i pray that you will continue to be a woman influence and leader in our this .
i did n't want to make yet another phone call for her and i had other things to do .
sister : what are what you doing ? ''
sister : . mostly ?
angela : .
you know i have n't been to the movies in over two years now . ''
you 're always living in your head writing stupid stories nobody will want to read . ''
you want to read it and tell me what 's wrong with it ? ''
here 's that number you wanted . ''
she acted like she was the one who had been .
actually i 've seen in concert in a few years back and it was great !
i checked my musical at the door and had a good time despite the .
the .
whoever stole the source code is a complete and is not cool at all .
i also noticed that you had the '' the up there as well .
or do you think if you are still reading it ?
granted patrick and kim win my wife with the biggest awards audience for the year at the .
now if only you !
my question is why are these the of the past . ?
you had my car ! ''
but it 's the league '' replies his this his friend .
went here for a drink type thing and the place is beautiful .
i 'm so drunk right now that i do n't have anything else to say , but it is not
maybe something can beat it this week , but probably not .
and then you are stuck here with girls in town and it is not quite as good .
this is just pathetic .
they have been dating for a few months - not sure how many maybe NUM or NUM .
well this is very deep in see with that she has basically just stopped talking to most of her .
that i have a problem with !
how in the hell do you deal with a person that you were once great with friends and now .
tired of talking about the war so instead i 'll write about what i 've been doing lately .
i 'm rather excited to read about .
oh how much further ahead i would be now !
it 's funny how i can go from happily living in a state of chaos to a state of the
this time i 'm going to be really .
no more regarding every piece of plastic , screw or paper to the cd player i bought in the
my apartment is nice , but i 'd really like to settle in a place i can truly call .
a place to put tools and teddy , imagine that !
could it be eric is truly being ?
i 'm not even sure i want to know .
, how go your plans for ?
do n't quite know what came over me .
i 'm some job for a friend of mine for her birthday .
, all of you !
well it seems like the plans to become an adult are slowly falling together .
at this point in i 'm pretty excited about the coming events .
if you have n't guessed at what i 'm telling you well then
so i have to start right now , the office events .
you say to yourself .
only after this king of the office , but i digress .
so those who knows that
second , still no word from the 16th silent .
third , my mom made her pot rebel and i just wanted to bob for nintendo in her .
i do , however , love making suggestions , so that part was actually fun .
no , not really .
although you do not want her to , you say yes .
you even call her silly when she ?
okay got ta go finish more young project and fold clothes .
so i guess you 're all wondering how the interview went .
it 's the first time in my life i had a great time .
there were about NUM of us there hoping to fill one of three open .
there were also wandering and the of the group interview . us
not knowing exactly what they were looking for made it a bit hard on the nerves though .
six of us will be .
i think i did well with the group .
we were given a a little companies month too and three questions .
i spent an hour on those things and finally just gave it my best educated guess .
never had an interview where they fed you at the end , or at all .
so , i am not holding out hope for anything .
it sure would be nice though .
he is not coming home on friday .
his ticket .
did he actually expect me to believe that crap ?
s : i am still going to try to change the ticket .
s : are you this me ?
no i am not sure you .
i deal with travel . all the of time .
especially when you won t give me your flight details .
r : i m not saying anything .
had he hung up on me ?
i hear him nothing .
i left a message asking him what was going on .
then i 'll hear i don t know why , but i did .
i knew that he would understand , and he has been so nice lately .
he picked up thank god for small wonders .
i 've him with my job and he hung up with me .
b : are you okay ?
at that moment i realized that i am t i fell apart then , entirely and completely .
i believed with all of my heart that i would never talk to him again .
i told my brother that i heard t okay , but horrible in fact .
but i was in no shape to drive - i .
my desktop background is a picture of s and i that was taken on my birthday .
i stared at it for a moment as tears down my face .
the longest day friday .
while i sat in the basement with k , b put to work in the bedroom spare .
she reminded me that he had been having .
r : well he would have tried to call back then and the phone would have through at the
r : there is no scenario .
i just can t believe this will be the end though .
it just can t .
i know where lives .
k : i will go with you , but r , he will call you .
there is a reason .
that night after they went to bed , i lay on their couch with my phone in hand .
i just needed to know when it would ring through .
it was unfortunately an extremely rainy , day - apt for my mood , not so great for a good
i remained true to the rule , of which i was extremely proud .
only a voice mail would be a true sign , and that was .
i am t going to knock on her door , just do a little watching .
i know that i sound psycho , but i am t in my right mental state .
i agreed and said that i should probably stop calling so much as i was driving myself crazy .
i sat down on the couch and looked at the phone still in my deployment .
so i just thought i would try with her phone .
i am t believe it !
k said that she could feel my heart . across the room .
i made her feel it .
i didn t leave a message , because i didn t want him to connect that number to me .
i thought that it would be if i called on the of the unknown of number .
i just stared at the phone unsure what to do .
i was scared and nervous and angry and just managed to answer the phone before the call went to the
s asked how i was doing and i returned the favor .
i was embarrassed about my messages from the night before , but we both !
right after my third extra large glass of red wine , s called .
he said he t been able to change his ticket raise your hand if you are surprised .
he even gave me his flight info complete with flight number .
i hung up with him , and down a final glass of wine .
b put .
i got really dizzy , and finally threw up just as they a b4 in my face .
but how pathetic do i feel for getting drunk at my mom s house ?
my heart from when the computer .
he had lied to me again .
did he think i was stupid ?
i went back downstairs and fell back into an work sleep .
x offered to introduce us , but frankly i was never interested .
i am pretty confident that she will never be .
i just got in .
i am t take it back without causing .
gets to see you and pick you up from the airport , and you are not even going to be
i have to see you .
i will drive up to fucking s house , but i am not going to go without seeing .
you have put me on an emotional roller coaster , turned me into a wreck , and now this .
what is going on with you ?
s : don t go there .
i will come to see you , or we can meet somewhere .
don t be upset .
r .
r : you better believe it ; i can t take this anymore .
i will call you .
i was angry , more angry than i have ever been at someone i love .
i didn t know what would be said , but i hoped that i would feel better .
it was an emotional .
he explained the call to again .
a explanation because the way he explained it , my number would have been higher up .
he was confident that the move would occur the following day .
he can t just tell me things anymore .
he said that he loves me .
an odd coincidence monday i left work at around NUM am to run some errands .
i pulled out of my office park and up to the when a familiar car turned onto the .
k : are you serious ?
this is so weird .
i could see his face in the side mirror his hand was his face .
i just thought it was funny that i saw them .
so when the light changed to be the left hand turn , i was able to see s s .
i knew that he thought i was following him , which made me laugh .
i was tempted , but i didn t .
r : i have t following you .
s : i thought that was you .
r : i t have caused trouble for you .
but is everything going on schedule ?
but the day went on and i didn t hear anything .
i said that i had to see him tonight and i would come up there if necessary .
i called k and asked her advice .
so he came over and we talked and he explained and said that tuesday would be the day .
our time together ended with me bringing up some stuff about the people he works with .
one of them mentioned that s said he was going to and never returning .
s was disturbed about .
i left him a message him to call me as soon as he got it .
he didn t let me get a word out .
after work s called me .
he t does going to move in but had a for me .
i said that i was .
he said that he lied to me to make me feel more confident in our relationship .
he needs more time to finish things up with .
i listened to him without saying a word .
he watched me i could feel his eyes on me as i looked out the window and with the
it s just wrong .
i have been through an emotional roller coaster ; i am spent .
i didn t care .
i took the cake away .
i had what i wanted .
i was independent and strong and it felt damn good .
he nodded again sadly .
i felt better than i had in a long time .
i shared my excitement with her .
i promised not to answer the phone the next time s called to make him sweat a little , and
i popped in another episode of sex in the city and enjoyed a few laughs before i headed off .
maybe there i can seek my answers there .
me and the go hand in hand , ask my daughter !
too young to be saying that you think ?
i feel like i could n't even succeed at mcdonald 's .
i have severe people stomach problems yet i cant seem to take proper care of myself .
noone should really be like that '' you '' should always come first really .
to be loved for who you are not what you are n't or could be '' .
ok ok my eyes are so bad i 'm in desperate need of some sleep .
i 'm not done with all the paperwork .
: dang it !
i have to get it done .
so thursday , NUM july , i turn NUM .
my parents were going to take me for seafood .
i want some fun and !
do n't really know what yet , but something .
i have finally - to the general relief of my two remaining readers no doubt - decided to change .
but let 's try to be forward thinking .
which brings us to the question - who wants to work on it next ?
or do you want it back lee ?
it 's up for work , who ever puts up an expression of interest first , gets the baby .
i guess these fears are normal , and a strange part of me desires the freedom of being completely .
so , let me try to do this in some kind of organized fashion .
current jobs : life since NUM have been quite different .
i am also serving fake italian at the grill grill .
right now i am in the office process for san diego police department .
i got to experience my first oral board with them .
should i get in with , i will be starting at the the job down in college .
i was not lying and they need to pay closer attention to their dew .
so , i have a creative project in my hands , but first i must learn to become more .
you can also leave this comments '' on this website it 's pretty ?
i would love to hear from you and so would everyone else !
: good things ,
i 'm just annoyed with how obsessed america has become with it .
the guy in the video does n't seem to be on a .
one would think finding a .
these are some boys .
what about the way they are standing .
why is . wearing an orange prison ?
how come blood is n't out of his ?
ano kong nya pa .
and what are that you going to do after that , ? ''
got up with david this morning .
as if anyone is going to ask for .
i think i am going to a philosophy conference in for next week .
mum 's like , you might meet people .
went to the library at uni and had my house mate borrow a book for me .
i sound , but it is only because it is too complex to be bothered typing out on the
also , i will always help anyone out after a run .
massage is essential for keeping us healthy and especially now with our training .
thanks so much ,
jane park .
consider yourself lucky for not having to in something in so and creepy .
NUM . i 'd like for my job to be placed in a blue glass with .
i feel very happy and at peace that this has been done .
i feel like a nap , but i am at work .
i am a sugar free vanilla late .
i suggest you try the sugar free vanilla for , its better than the other !
the warmth is already making me feel better , but the has n't hit me yet but i was so
i mean , if its my mom that 's ok , but just like friends ?
or do you make enough money to buy all those groceries ?
and if i do n't do you think that you are going to be the one to make me .
that really gets me , and i 'm not sure why .
i know that things bother me that would n't bother others but there you are .
my posting on this site has been very lately , but i need to get back into the .
and , this is a big week for tall good luck in your review !
to get some productive work done .
when you received email it is not shown correctly on screen .
this means you , .
you 're his bitch . ''
brought to you by quizilla
assuming i make it that long here 's what 's going on : - my boobs are .
- the baby 's room is painted !
- her furniture the !
- i love chris .
- i 've lost the ability to update this journal .
i 'm generally not very comfortable with telephone conversations .
i ca n't imagine how something like that could happen now .
ok , going to bed now .
it 's more about relationships in general .
so i actually the previous statement .
that is very dangerous for people .
of course , like all bad ideas , it and .
oh , and the best fuck you have ever had in your life , year after year after year .
and not even good fiction .
but the media have , for the most part , in making us believe that this is what i have
now added on to the list of 's , want more .
am i ?
not necessarily sexual , but more a general belief that you should n't look for everything you want to be
oh , and get rid of those fucking romantic novels - they 'll only make you miserable .
can you beleive it ?
= past .
's in your cd player : in the car , coffee twenty more than you think you are a .
damn , that 's a lot !
everything annoying is pretty much outta the picture for now .
i just finished .
one good thing about david !
i not regret having the balls to end a relationship when i should have or love : how .
in currently in : unfortunately , no .
i think our in summer was pretty wacky bad habits : everyone has at least one !
thing you bought yourself : new .
many years and you do own you lord , : i have recently become obsessed with .
your friends know you : well , i should hope so by now !
you know the last romantic kiss .
i do n't get one daily .
any pets : of course !
i actually like it now !
any tattoos : yes , they 're addictive !
for : fire
he feels within him the longing for happiness and for reason .
by that i mean fake .
him : homer yeah - fake as , eh ? ''
no i 've looked all over for others who think this , to no avail .
does that make sense ?
is it another example of us seeing something we are not used to seeing , and ?
or a special a effects team to show an apparent ?
sorry i ca n't do anything about the roof .
coming from a company that values .
the most creative one will be chosen .
ps : may work !
: this is open till i find an entry interesting enough .
some .
but at all the other times it just like .
so you have to wait until a new page opens to reply .
you can actually get an id that only know your name .
but google that it is completely that and data that the data is not provided to anyone else .
most of the contain only .
this can be really frustrating at times .
this is one thing i would want changed asap .
yesterday i had a to follow up on the d i had during my lap in june .
my first was last october , and it was a breeze .
as soon as the was in i had had with i 've never experienced before and i have to be
they have , so gave me the green light to begin .
they were supposed to come yesterday but there was a in in at freedom drug .
the most surreal part of today 's appointment was making out the check to the center center .
it s the first time in NUM years that montreal has won three games in a row against boston .
and to top it all off , it was a boston home game .
the victim was part of a security , he said .
they are so full of rage and thoughts of .
i sat down to work this evening and my mind went totally blank .
hours later i sat down at the computer , opened my file again and read through the changes i have
maybe a few hours sleep will give me a better perspective .
when i sat down to work this morning things fell in to place .
i leave out one of the most important details of my life when i talk to many of my life
i do post on two writing boards and i have mentioned my writing on other boards i use but i
thank you for being there when i need you .
if you ca n't do it yourself : pay someone with the skills to do it for you !
this is a huge let down , i would expect this from microsoft but not blogger .
i have n't been at for ages .
what do you do with a psycho roommate ? ''
he will fly again .
you send me flowers !
i hope to have a better grasp of the abilities of the cast .
i am working worried about the quality of the show .
this day has gone well .
the kids have been !
i was proud to know that even without my beloved group that i can still commit to my quest .
i scored % - mega music nerd .
he scored % - hardcore music nerd .
they all depend on the art .
you come back to your little room and the sight of your plant highlights your entrance .
we all know how differently we feel when we take some time and care for our appearance .
our mood suits our appearance .
i am trying different with my clothes .
yesterday i tried it with a brown skirt .
they were so warm together !
the feel of the scarf on my neck gives me a good sensation all day .
i put on my make up every day .
i paint my job and nails .
yesterday i treated myself to an .
we went to our friends ' house , and they asked us to get them .
it has been about NUM weeks since i had something sweet .
and one a month a wo n't harm me .
and yes , it did n't harm me at all .
and decided on buying an hour machine .
you know i heard that if you have a blogger account you will get an invite to be a little
being a slightly more sensitive individual than some comes with its blessings and its .
it becomes hard to forget yourself and if i 'm really to follow christ .
i want you to know a few things , chief among which is that you are , i believe .
so often i hide one thing or more , only show one side of my life , all that i
but it 's true .
and never would have been .
we email most days , talk probably once a week .
you assume the other person is , and ?
i believe , right now , that you think i broke up with you so i could be with the
've hung out .
the past being the past , and , i 'd feel , to what you and i were not to
i am horribly sorry for lying to you .
my sexual relationship with was before my time with you .
the possibility of sex was there for some .
i broke up with you for all the reasons i said , and nothing more .
i 'm angry at myself , for treating you so badly that you do not believe i loved you .
i 'm not dating anyone else .
do you remember our time together ?
honestly , do you think i am motivated by wanting sex ?
obviously , like i said , my fault .
but it 's not a .
if it was , frankly again - why would i have broken up with you ?
she lives miles away .
i broke up with you for the reasons i said .
yes , i thought it would hurt your feelings , and i did n't want to do that .
i had a friend coming to town to hang out , and i knew which way it could go .
a week ago i was in love with you and holding you close .
tonight i love you go ahead and be angry .
i am horribly , horribly sorry for that .
because on my blood , i have told you here all the truth .
i had no job .
or , at least , again - i assume you do n't .
you know my .
you know my to for everything under the sun .
just listened to your job i was right
and like the many kinds of gossip , it s as creative as it can be .
so my answer would be that some people turn their work into their lives .
so the spice would have to be gossip .
so gossip adds the humor , the drama , the conflict and to sum it all up , it 's
for the past couple weeks , i 've noticed my underwear have been inside out .
i need another vacation !
some sort of island .
hollywood to to .
i am somewhat torn on the issue , being both a lover of movies and an of fair of the
- . the site .
movies are rated r because they are for .
- that 's why i should n't read about this topic , because it makes me angry .
here are some more of work that i 've done for work
i think i took about NUM days to be my NUM stupid seconds of that stupid piece of shit .
click on the pictures for a larger image
so , the NUM major league baseball home run .
for those of you who are n't familiar with the this of contest , let me fill you .
each who gets to hit , and gets NUM years .
he also hit the longest home run , at NUM feet .
much halo being hit NUM , and did n't get out of round NUM .
it 's simply surprising .
ah well , that 's part of what makes baseball such a fun sport .
the new jane 's addiction album was released on tuesday and i have managed to avoid it available .
do n't ask why i know this , i have just seen too many bands to put .
there is a chance that it might be interesting , but let 's face it -- the odds are .
i think what make helped that was happen the last night record -- which sucked and blew .
we 'll see how long it lasts .
but i ca n't get behind the concept of your blogging .
writes that blogs employees .
shell kept the technology end simple and paid attention to the human end of the project .
soon thousands of employees were using the board .
soon , shell employees across and across the entire were are searching for answers on the database , as i
i 'm not sure how many shell 's employees feel each time they use the database .
employee is best when it in a different way .
blogs , too , are a tool of , but an of a different kind .
blogs are more powerful when they are by and by the and by .
i decided to the conversation as it was n't the best time to take a call from my .
so we met yesterday for old time sake .
that 's the time i have left in for this today .
at least with myself .
but not doing it will be more painful in the future .
listening to : .
playing : still playing a lot of '' .
i 'm having trouble deciding what to read next .
watching on tv : not watching much of anything lately .
i 'm really going to miss that show as i in a previous blog .
smiling : i got my niece started on her own blog two weeks ago , but she never added to
i checked her page , and to my surprise , found that she finally made an entry on her .
eating : back on track with the diet again .
not much of anything at all , really , mostly drinking tea tea with equal .
ignore this is this not a test ! ''
will still will result to the a of a - , therefore i 'd still get a yellow .
it 's a funky tool all in all , but can i ?
what 's what wrong with it ? ''
his oh , right .
, i of arranged for the lovely people of or was it ?
so , they posted me a little brown box a day or two before collection , and i packed .
i miss my laptop !
thankfully , due to some pencil on my part on , said internet cafe ladies do n't charge me .
i only realise afterwards that i only went to two classes all weekend but it was still a great .
it was a great laugh and we managed to do what have fun as we did it .
anyway , curly de .
i hate being sick .
in .
you went out in style .
no one can see in but the person having the dump can see all around them .
red NUM going in !
with a couple of cool pictures .
spotted this a while i would wait until and returned home .
de en la ?
nine in an apartment .
then my teaching stuff , music , .
we 'll see how it goes .
today one of the put in her notice , so now more hours will be available .
got some things to at the studio by the first of next year .
actually , i mainly just like the first screen , just leave it there and listen to the music .
so if you are like me and want something to do to entertain and possibly rock your socks off .
the last section was factor in some fun .
dave was here last weekend and i missed out .
stood there , and felt alone , and imagined him there , just like a week ago .
or better yet : a plane ticket .
customer : working here working is like working for satan . ''
customer : where are where you from , ? ''
customer : .
jessica : .
according to the posters and life is NUM buttons '' and release the dogs , is it to last the
good job , i love new year 's .
still difficult to climb that hill
when all the dust and all the smoke all .
i 'd cast michael , in both ?!?!?
and jamie in front of cool new art .
time sex + hour to take by late until the day in very = this night , to in our
and maybe one of these days i will see abby because sometimes she does n't come home .
this is all of course .
all my classes have been to mondays and .
the effects of my have made me nearly unable to function in society .
i 'll just say memory for now as one of them .
get out your deadline and flip through it
take away the .
any perception of a negative campaign has been .
`` and let 's make sure that this time every vote is .
is n't it also critical to use the terrorists ? ''
would n't we be safer with a president who did n't on confusing with iraq ?
ideally 's words , spoken and .
i served under two , harry and this , with men who are different political parties .
we had also we were sure that these would not be the us when it came to issues our .
he showed up when assigned to duty , and he served with honor and . ''
at first i thought i should send them a thank you note -- until i realized they were sending .
text of its 's speech 's
good lord , i have n't written in forever - and for that , i apologize .
it 's been a relatively busy week because i 've been working again .
but not as a little happy worker bee at a like before , but no individually .
and i 've met a bunch of really cool people so far .
i 've also been seeing the work around la a bit .
that 's what i was thinking about on the way home today .
the people , the sites , the culture , the of it all - i love it .
it 's funny and good and interesting with great characters and really good acting .
decide carefully before you go to the theatre .
so that 's all very nice , thanks for asking .
i hope it never ends .
i officially made the jump to work clothes .
this is much more comfortable .
i weighed myself today .
the doctor told me to gain between pounds .
i 'm ok with that .
i woke up with another freakin weekend , and have stayed at home being lame all day .
went to some blog site this morning and he spent the whole blog explaining how michael moore made everything .
first of all , moore has never hidden from the fact that this is the and piece .
it 's all available to you if you look , and everything you you .
but i am smart enough to do the research and figure out the from the .
and that 's just ! available facts telling me this .
it is worth entering these .
update whoo hoo um , my bike is now a nice look with my wife and cool .
um , made friends with a model appear who likes to show me her pictures .
she 's a real laugh .
that is not a favourite junk food now its was cheap sale at work cost !
jon and i just got back from visiting last night and made the decision to move there .
we took a road trip up to , which is just a couple hours away .
we stayed in sat .
you drive ; is just NUM hours away from phoenix and still had snow in the mountains .
consequently and we would like you to be our this weekend at the conference .
she actually tries to smile at you .
the friday five NUM .
only if i got locked up in a third world country .
where is .
home is in the office fruit loop '' .
what makes it home for you ?
where is the wedding you 've been from home , ?
be the with .
today 's !
because that . post was a scream !
she 's off the chain !
, i hope your that for okay .
right gang , here is the deal .
i know i m going to get shot down and it pisses me off .
hell they already have the person they want picked out and she has only been in the department NUM .
i should know when i m beat but i m too wonderful to do anything but go down .
does this make me a ?
i just want to make them work .
i did n't think that my head could really spin this fast .
socks will be rocked .
in fact , it is still a bit too cool and for me to sit outside .
i wish i was going up to today , but i think that will have to wait a little .
is n't that this selfish ?
he had announced while from the stage that i had not to give this to the woman of this .
slim you suck .
i had a .
ever did was protect the world from insurance claims insurance and broken .
i guess if the pbgs happens and the of rebel of you '' are still around , id lead .
i cant lead any with on bad hair .
.
by .
if effective proven , such will identify to cost much of for the many of conditions .
if you have any other reading .
we are these office in a birth followed up to age NUM years .
lower to female , gender , age , .
lower class was also associated with behavior .
effects of internet weight on loss weight in adults at risk for type NUM : a on .
in work by .
q : adding a basic to internet weight basic loss .
j isk .
the office with the principal and the project members by mail , email , telephone , and .
the software program then . exercise that are trying to older adults .
background : physical activity can reach large numbers of people at low cost .
communication technology websites and might provide a means for . similar programs programs .
the main outcome was change in physical activity .
the print group slightly larger effects slightly and a higher level of of program of materials .
context : .
design : , teddy trial from april to december april NUM .
thus , the internet and appear to be working to delivery for of weight loss programs .
setting : patients ' homes in washington state , united states .
.
the internet this was theory based and clear , .
via the world wide web .
significant differences in this and intention to change were found between the halo and control group at .
the network network physical activity a : a pilot study .
there was in both in site use and .
no thank you very much i do not not pie .
noone in the .
on for chips in fat free chocolate dressing for is better i suppose .
the rest is safe safe , no point in energy wasting washing dishes when a machine can do it .
cuz after all , why would i get up to change the channel ?
it 's been two years and i still cry when i watch the events on tv .
i ca n't imagine what the the ' families feel .
missing a window could spell big trouble .
steph what 's new with you ?
we moved to work 's to have our job and we had a good weekend .
never to you by quizilla if you have n't figured it out by now this is my .
i can say the events of the past month and some change will definitely require an entire section in the
a straight office rush a and well when you know what happens after a .
i was taught lessons that i will forever be in debt for being to them .
a message you avoided like a bill .
why did i hide from the truth that was n't hiding from me ?
was it a great of great things to come only if i 've my fears ?
it always signs all the time until it finds the right one you pay attention to .
you miss me ?
i 'm not sure exactly what kind i want , only that a job , cory party .
driving to work was a little this , cuz i was ! four NUM major here on .
got ta get one , i kept telling myself .
thanks to helen for letting me sleep in her room .
neither were the girls , either .
, here , i come
i 'm so safe in your arms .
service engine soon lights and really screw up your schedule
oh well , but i did run across this .
personally , i 've never played or lj or any of the they just do n't .
i 'd go to work and classes just so i could go home and play cs all night .
i mean come on .
i ' , m sure that will change , i 've just been too busy .
i 'm here carolina !
people probably would n't understand how cute this is .
school is 're learning everything about pregnancy .
who needs to study ?
if you got something to say noticable it .
ps any chance that analysis '' has the word has '' bathing '' up front on purpose ?
when you least expected .
to me it s not about the money the way he .
sure i have some feeling toward this but it was not big enough to affect either my work performance .
i m trying to deal with this adult way .
so i get on here today praying , hoping , wishing that someone or something have my knit from the
now im pretty sure i saved it and looked at it after it was written but i did n't see
it would have made me an instant star , women would want me and men would want to be a
why the fuck does n't it say who is . posting . ?
anyway i 'm hoping for a positive outcome on this one .
the movie is a classic and easily in one as of the top ten hindi movies of all times .
i even understand the of some to to .
i have a problem with watching it at least twice a day for three weeks .
she is n't even NUM years old !
how in the world did she watch this movie and come to this decision ?
tube a tube on the head ?
still , on the cartoon network , on the disney channel , and in the movies they watch , and
lord , please keep a baby as long as possible .
in jesus ' name i pray , amen .
be a baby as long as you can .
i love you , mommy
but if we 're gon na be playing sometime soon , i 'll make myself free .
ok , so , i was doing a really long post about today , and it got lost .
people were touched , and credit was given to whom it was due .
it has to do with the deep roots of that in god that has been me to .
he did n't turn up surprisingly .
the approach to cricket is to watch it on the .
today i have one of those NUM years NUM NUM : NUM , a case of get in the
you guys are insane .
i 'm here now .
i pay a job on people who 'll make me rich .
i 'd like to tell you something
he ate his shit !
it helps if you raise your eyes a little as you proceed and allow your voice to become a little
people are guaranteed to react in one way or another .
sometimes they will find it funny , other times strange , but always amused .
they may look , disgusted disgusted , annoyed by your wife , or as other , results , .
i know we 've only known each other for about a month but , well .
you know what would be too funny ?
sidenote : gia aw , crap !
so now that 's our little joke .
god it seems ages since i blogged on here .
and i wonder how long it will take the folks wanting to complain about the of the .
the link is via alex ' aim profile .
i think anyway .
the fact is , i accept this fact , and do n't spend my time those who are .
in fact , i 'd prefer to be around them , in the hopes that it will help me .
well , n't that just make them feel so much better !
do n't expect me to be to your job , teddy standards of beauty !
no , you 're not .
that means you 're ugly !
but either way , standards of beauty are not .
that 's because they are .
it 's this morning of worship , envy and that forms that a our in our society .
how we love to see the mighty fall - but we 're the ones who put them there !
there is no god .
now , do i need to go into a rebel and explanation of why there is no god .
that said , there are still people out there who are smarter than you , and there always will be
this whole night about closing the gap is .
you ca n't close that gap , idiots !
the guy in his high school class who is now floors was n't .
classes so that the stupid kids wo n't have to be reminded that they are n't as smart as i
apparently the best way to feel good about yourself is to say , no one is any better than the
there are people out there better than you , and if it pisses you off that much , get a
there is no god .
and if you ai n't got much , work to make it more .
you 're hurting my goddamn ears .
i have shitty neighbors .
other than the little shit the '' they seem to be ok , until tonight .
i hope they run out of fireworks soon , thank god you ca n't buy them with .
i think i may have to pull out my johnny cash cd 's and blast this weekend , i have
i am not a total bitch , but hey i do n't like when folks my shit like i have
postcount the ' ; | postcounttb 'NUM ' ;
here is this week 's friday five .
at this moment , what is your favorite NUM .
the daily show with jon .
today i very much like the job prayer .
not getting married but we are living together !
im looking forward on the move , which is on annie 's bday , august .
and the funny thing , i have not help for my kitchen .
in certain areas of my life , i am a bit of a .
my office usually looks a bit like a hit it hit , and we are n't in kansas anymore .
i like feeling sort of clean .
has no !
is there a big teddy for messy people ?
st anne is the of saint of .
then , just to keep it in perspective , a prayer to of , - .
with all that on my side , surely i 'll get it right eventually .
i flipped to NUM minutes tonight just in time to hear andy 's commentary .
they went to war and saved the world .
but now we do it as a half measure .
its never going to happen .
if we have proof there is a risk , lets layout the case and move forward .
sooner or later they would have to put up or shut up and they dont have the muscle .
google seems to have been offering more invites to the masses .
sabi nga ni , !
leave comments din !
some very close friends of mine , as well as myself , find this verse very cool .
the more we learn to allow christ to live his life through us we will begin to really live .
so much blog goodness today !
he 'll do whatever you tell him to , anything except naughty or an or only looking at the .
* this story about a child is kind of disturbing .
and does n't the last sentence a collection of four chicken pieces .
sound more like a kfc description ?
and i plan on having chicken for dinner for tonight .
is am too , my little !
breakfast work for a job now i 've been drinking and early ' .
us tv . face more reality
all grown up side way not up ways hahahah my marriage laundry !
two more close friends left the company today : anyway , i wish both of you .
i want my ring .
but i can have t it now .
in the end and i did not watch me after work .
bought me two .
i did n't realise we were n't since but i was to heaven , i guess we had to be
but the leaves worked .
it 's now buried in dust after it .
how did he do that ?
but he is .
besides the .
he was in my dream again last night .
= then again , maybe it 's just there 's
we see the nephew probably once a month or so , and the other two at least once a few
it 's really pretty amazing .
mind you , it 's only been NUM months .
who are , by the way , very hurt that no one wanted to say hi back to them .
not that i 'm really complaining .
i hate our new to the south of us .
he the officer came out because he had to , but did n't see any problem with the .
i say that 's at work .
we still do n't have a number for a guy who 'll do the concrete pad for us .
patience is definitely not a of mine of .
meaning a fence , some grass , a deck , and probably a dog run .
eyes wide open this time , of course .
i can come home at lunch to let him out , play a bit .
plan for puppy classes right at the start , not after problems start .
so yeah , i 'm a little impatient .
still to come , and so many things planned .
go white water .
and just generally get up to all sorts of trouble .
i 'm ready for it .
meet isk and .
i know - shame on me .
in saying this , i need more stories people !
you may now return to your normal reading schedule .
hence the demand for like myself otherwise it would be fish for tea every night .
its easy to get to work in the morning , great social life and fantastic for travelling .
well , i 'd better cut this little story short now .
take care - love ben sarah
sitting in starbucks the other day , i thought to should n't be there an in starbucks - .
he dies at the end .
i wonder how many other people have wondered this .
anyhow , it took me approximately a week to land a decent job .
i 'm a regular .
the sign , as black letters across a white sheet , the teddy .
the last couple of words were a little .
the sign trips me out though because it of conspiracy and i love a good conspiracy theory .
now - a simple story saw the .
by that count , .
kudos to director for making a clean , decent film !
m not really sure i should even be posting this , but it enjoy what i do .
i get bored late in the night waiting for my old man to come home .
therefore i leave a poem .
we get the feeling of , by not having to use our real name .
i find they make life more interesting .
so just to make my point , you can no longer leave anonymous comments on my site .
i don t dress up as one or pretend i m one .
however , i do like to dress up as one on halloween and scare the out of people .
the gang after half .
i think that every breath i am about to take will be an -lsb- task .
yet every time before that breath is , i am could thinking into it will be .
all the secret places of my body , and my ears .
i am myself for my next breath .
suddenly i realize the reason for my constant .
breathing is so easy .
but sometimes you have to help it along .
it 's something i 've always thought about doing , but never did .
now i just have to make it interesting .
i love bible school .
NUM .
we have some of the same ones from last year and they actually remember what we learned last year .
but generally , they 're just great .
m email yesterday and wants to go to the beach .
i certainly hope so .
um okay this is too asian lol
happy saturday ya 'll .
just another normal day in the household .
well , just thought i would say hello real quick .
here it is : what 's your favorite pie ?
comment on what do ya think about jamie ?
what 's with this two cents noise ?
was your blogger tossed ?
what 's going on ?
these events occurred on my watch .
i take full responsibility , .
so far so good .
boy when i finally fell into bed i was , i had spent no than NUM hours .
although , the uk pound is strong at the mo .
so basically you get em slightly cheaper .
come and join us to see new 's largest 's outdoor art !

omg the thing would just happened to me . !
i quickly pulled over to the right side and called my friend sarah .
then my dumbass called him .
you !
sometimes the culture pays off
he asked me if i was still on for tomorrow night
i know i know that sounds hella gay butt at least he 's got something going on .
i saw .
butt i really like how
anyway , saw the league of the gentlemen .
the only thing that made this movie .
it seems that the entire point of their existence , was to die at hands .
it was like the the american the army .
the thing that really pisses me off about his movie is that i ran to see it , literally .
peace out till later .
funny , you almost look at it as a turning over a new leaf .
if i ever wish to do something out of my normal character , then i wo n't do it .
this month 's change is trying to become healthy again .
if they 're happy ot put up with healthy food , then god knows i am .
i eat less and convince myself that putting some on my job with this is healthy .
i 've never really been totally !
i was just a bit this before i left for the states , and i managed to keep it .
i 'd much rather add an hour to my day .
the occasional beer seems to float in , but it 's limited to only a couple .
i do n't want to figure it .
so if i keep it up , it should be happy days ahead .
so hopefully , that change will be for the better .
it 's all sudden death now .
if they win the next four games , then they will be european cup of NUM .
i think it would be great to be here if they did make it !
my hubby is pulling apart our bathroom and out our to get ready to sell .
so , no blogging for me this weekend .
i got ta get my mom a computer !
it 's just this little idea that popped into my head .
it looks really funny on paper hoping for that to work onto film .
the brand new obsession fucking mode .
i borrowed multiple cd 's from today in work and NUM of them were .
like what the fuck what was i thinking only sorta liking them before ? '' ?
i am all .
tomorrow we will be in .
we went to which claims to be built on the site where the holy family stayed when .
she 's expecting to go home thursday .
* sigh * had a glorious two days of email access at work , but now it 's gone .
we had two tech guys here the past couple of days , trying to figure out why our system .
now they 're gone , everything is blocked again , and .
a treasure to be a gift , a gift from above god is ; the beauty of a friendship ,
sleep is hard to get , nowadays .
it 's so hard to explain this sadness .
most days i 'm fine .
all the time i felt like i was .
at this point , i am just about ready to do anything to stop from down in public .
the and insomnia , fine .
but cracking up in front of half of the population - no , no , no , a little ,
dearest diary , life has n't been good to me either .
but i have to work and prepare for my finals as well .
yes i can .
we will not be meeting at work for our thursday meeting , june NUM .
i 've had the luck of more that one of these .
the next day , the hangover was terrible , but what was worse was my to repeat the .
i could do with some life changing kissing now , actually .
over there on the left .
@ '' > i got . # NUM .
NUM things i 'm into about '' NUM .
i 'm pretty sure it would have a similar effect upon anyone even slightly open to the world of the
NUM . phone conversations with daniel - we 've been more than our average share of thinking / .
NUM .
* not in order .
that 's a little bit tongue in cheek .
that 's another greg who is also often into in '' very interesting and things .
are n't our lives .
does homer first he asks , what do you believe ? ''
nothing else brings such joy to so many people from the of the to bright lights .
god looks up and offers the seat to his left .
god , moved by the passion of the speech offers offers the seat to his right .
.
i just applied for about NUM different jobs .
i will now sit back for a day to so and wait .
it ca n't hurt .
i 'm getting more excited every day about graduating .
he 's a tad bit slow in paying support .
in return , it will help me and our child .
well yesterday i spent most of the day recovering from the jet and NUM : NUM is flight NUM .
it was cool hanging out with alex , jon and brandon at .
i 'll probably hang out with later this afternoon .
they are the of cows .
the pistons tells a sad tale , a tale of noise .
but a cow policy has slipped into their office .
we are mild and quiet .
but of late we have begun a silent , a in the heart .
how they keep us awake with their job .
they cover the entire hill , some around in the sun , others grass set on the .
so it 's definitely pressure , not a stupidest case that keeps me awake .
our time is called place .
the roads are full of pot holes , and the street lighting is always .
is fiction , and number NUM is occupied by a lovely lady .
she is an throughout heart a , the brilliant orange tan , covering her head form to toe .
she sings along to houston love city tonight , and we all stop to listen .
it is this , full of meaning , with life .
those moments when you ask tough questions , wait for answers , and on the goodness of god .
i was talking to my husband today about making peace of things that happened when i was little .
then we took it outside and burned it .
i feel better now because some of that was released today .
just a quick post before i leave today it 's crappy and a bit cold here in ny .
orlando bloom is just too pretty and too
right now , i 've started reading the book
i have been released from the .
who would have dreamed that .
this style .
of the world !
i did n't get my light fixed , nor did i get the ?
somebody has taken his picture , who it and stuck it on lots of different people - very .
i have an example of one below , where the kid 's face has been put on shrek .
lane core posted links to a lot of by the for .
so sad , so sad .
but as disappointing as .
the cat cat is doing much better .
i 've never been so glad to smell cat shit as i was on wednesday night .
today i finally cleared off the top of my apartment , which was in in pocket stuff .
most of this pocket collection was , grocery lists , and pocket .
in . i was on the hunt for a 's and a friend 's phone number .
i ca n't remember what in the world it was for , but no matter .
and would n't know they , time i take across another , this one for twenty dollars , also .
i do love finding pocket change .
that 's right folks , we 're not counting in months anymore , it 's days .
this is the place to find out .
anyway have u ever thought , ' eh how come ah ?
now what the heck is it being as ; as ' ?
i have the best friends in the world .
the man , my left had was already worn out , so i apologize for the .
i had a really weird dream last night .
what the difference between a and an and was .
and then the ghost cleaned the place !
im so easily !
yay its friday !
: fridays are and a movie ' night and andy .
actually i dont even know why im sure that he makes very i 've been doing anything this .
its too bad though , cuz that group of people are way to be night with out !
wow you know how people talk about getting brilliant ideas in their dreams for works of art and .
i also had some really good dreams last night .
oh yea and she was rolling around naked with NUM other girls .
stand beside her and guide her yeah , that 's been running through my head today .
i just do n't know why .
you needed to read that , yes ?
students come back to work soon and i am beginning to fear that i will not be prepared .
i am beginning to get ready to do this graduate school thing .
jon , it 's good to see you 're back .
spring break is next week and i 'm the fact that i 'm trapped out here on the .
i 'll be sure to post the exciting details of my spring break here .
guy with mask from . '' . : ! !
fold other mask guy : these cards are not sharp enough to cut myself .
fold face man face : i hate myself .
big blind big large mouth mask dude : i raise .
and i 'm out like the entire atlanta my line up .
how many times have you seen american and american administration .
now , i know that any thinking person will recognize that our media has some to it .
i personally see little to no liberal in the media .
but i think people fail to realize the kind of the we see every day .
there 's going to be a heavy american .
case in point : saddam called war .
well , first off his saddam '' is not the man 's last name .
would you ever see an article about refer to him as his george '' ?
bush is n't madonna ; we use his last name .
he is n't madonna either .
nothing of the man in a suit or , i do n't know , his hair .
i 'm not sure here since here , nor i am him in to the .
and while we 're talking .
i could be wrong .
i think it 's probably another case of that no one ever thinks about .
i think i m coming down with something .
can t wait till tomorrow !
pulling my husband with my until face is my close so can i smell his pencil everywhere .
i pull away , .
just got another production job .
this is the largest and oldest film and video company in .
this could be expecting mere practice or used for advertising .
these two types of things could be a nice sized bite to chew for our early '' .
we have an open position for a secretary .
for the best job opportunities in the middle east visit :
a little chaos this morning -- i normally take a bed to work at NUM : NUM .
finally , a few other people showed up at the bus stop and stood around .
it went right to where i work .
well enough of my bitching .
i 've walked a lot through and am getting the lay of the land .
i 'm so happy i get to travel with her on business trips .
: NUM ;
i m told that the years are beautiful here .
plus , it s really beautiful .
and .
i guess it must be admitted that florida has its fair share of more than read , and i have
for me , the noise is obnoxious enough even one time to keep me awake on all of trips .
it s the damned phone .
anyhow , during the course of the week , i . begun to really wonder whether this job s .
i found myself talking about work and rebel and and getting totally worked up about it .
i don t intend to say that s a bad thing , to be different from me .
there s a certain lack of or polish that s lacking here .
but is it really necessary to use the term fucker to refer to the current product of discussion ?
it was the of rolling of one white eyes , but almost so .
and then i realized , that in some way , my dad totally makes this job worth doing .
i was so glad he was there .
i personally use for both as well as a .
my present boyfriend seems to think so
dead .
despite their slow , they still smell wonderful .
and i made some new friends .
she agreed to be my roomie .
i quite like her .
we all ate lunch together .
so now im back to office , my final day just to finish the last of my work .
mr double standards pretty much ignored me when i came .
and i am work hard work and be happy with teaching .
just sigh cleared one case
in the office none from the same agency is around also
the day .
small .
it has through the vast secret time with left by the .
that 's not counting the dead who would have continued under .
hang in there folks , NUM more days till a long weekend , keep pushing along !
both are through the official website .
i love , unfortunately i 'd marry it !
he 's amazing live .
please let me know so i can invite them !
while the job of both are beautiful and sad , i always found the final paragraph the most moving .
that 's what happened today with my good for ' buddy sam .
i talked to him today about his new night gig , and i could n't be more thrilled for the
support your local drag queen !
guy answers some of questions here
this should be about two pages long and answers the basic questions : what do you do ?
who is your team ?
who is your competition ?
it better be real , big , and obvious to get .
for some reason i ca n't see the profile box at home but i can at work .
however , the side are just over the top .
it has always been important for me to get what i want .
however she does give me a great insight into how a guy would act if guys could get pregnant .
i never ever want to live that way .
i would rather hear in my own than .
i 'm so tired .
i posted this yesterday , changed my mind , but forgot to the blog .
here 's a link to pictures i took at my brother 's party :
i 'm so excited !
i never thought it would happen for me .
i 've seen so much and lived so much , it wo n't be easy to forget it all .
music and motivation i sit here with NUM minutes til class .
i 'm already behind .
as for now i 'm headed to class without having read the assignment .
still , i have my part to play .
i pray for motivation .
i 'm listening to craig 's brother , the album lost at sea .
i am going to buy them sometime .
was having a one get three for free ' sale .
as the . tech in here , are justin 's previous !
what do you dudes think ?
just another idea j
the story , from the washington post , follows : '' every michael moore . ''
a shame ; we would have loved to see a picture .
, says .
but i arrived late , and i had to leave early for votes votes .
moore 's .
i mean , given moore 's , could any human actually be physically capable of giving him a .
the idea is to get ideas out .
i want to be challenged with conversation and debate .
somehow .
we played at the valley # NUM annual golf tournament on saturday .
blogger finally let me back .
as of yet , no shows are planned for .
boy , the one weekend we did play , we had a crowd .
that was so cool and we all really .
everyone seems to adore the new songs we came out with .
in march or april , the band will have been together for two years .
i think we should celebrate it somehow .
the office team blue won in the team in standard !
we love you !
the ?
you see , randy turned out to be too short and too white for the rest of the .
he was also known as the little '' by little , which in means tiny detroit .
let minute play ball with him at the first ever distant relative game .
just had news from sandra about rob .
he could n't read out of his right eye .
so it looks like we 've got a trip to the with him this weekend !
i present both of them as one person , because their actions are very similar .
both of these men are great .
and it is very .
they have a nice click of people they hang out with .
i found that i was treated well by these men , but i was never invited anyone .
so , i asked if i would ever be one of those friends .
so , is this what pisses me off most ?
friends being the work word .
for some reason information i give them in confidence becomes public .
i just feel that there is a lot to love about these people if i was on the friend .
i am still trying to answer that question , but i know i have taken steps to push them .
it 's been NUM days since my last blog .
but im sure ill think of something .
lol * * he also sent the following message later on as you know i am back from the
get a clue !
i been out a loop the longer than i first thought .
well unfortunately enough on that because it makes my head hurt just to think about it .
if i do say so myself .
as i i still i clubs !
talk about comedy !
so you know right now my soul is in darn good shape .
what do you think ?
its getting late and i promised this nice young gentleman called him call back if i was up .
has some great stuff in there !
work is going great these days and the company is really going well
someone even called me an irish practices recently !
i will not assume any responsibility for problems that may occur to your system from using any of these .
today is a good day i feel like getting lots of stuff done .
the one of is perfect is and i got a pretty good one of nathan too .
i think i want to do one more of myself but i 'm not sure what i want to be
i think i 'll also do one of me and thomas and stephanie , and one of me and
maybe i 'll do a celebrity or something .
that 's not really my style though .
i wonder if i 'll get dumb again and go to talk nick some more .
man , what i would n't give for a source amount of meaningful and practices conversation .
it makes sense : i swear all the time and with myself silly with and awkward silly into them .
plus , this blog is helping , although it does n't talk back which is sometimes a good of the
i did not really care for the thinking of bush and kerry , i 'll get to that .
is this because i hate kerry ?
i guess it depends on the day you catch him speaking to potential .
i believe yesterday george w. bush was up by NUM % .
the other day i was asked what the difference is between the democratic and republican parties .
bush is a guy guy , he views the threat and the documentary bastard before the they have chance .
hope comes in the morning for those , where are dying every six hours from analog - NUM .
america deserves better . ''
: did he say the right thing yup !
was it right on the floor endeavor ?
sidenote : hate what , because never could expect from someone who should have been put in jail for the
point by point : * tax cuts : we all got a tax cut .
everyone had an across the board cut = more tax cuts not cuts for those making more .
* cut jobs for : how ?
how many were hired to help with the of the ?
labor are your assholes assholes .
* homer dying : umm , most of these people are too .
unfortunately this is industry in this country .
first off the intelligence from water , clinton former agent clinton agent the not .
kerry voted for this war .
if the intelligence were wrong it was their fault not the . '
ok no back to pointing fingers .
they did their job and .
they went in for a free education not .
many of the .
more on kerry later .
i now have the resources to my plan for global .
sure there were in an detroit days those '' but there are still some amongst us now .
or i could just be talking out my ass
was used as its setting .
movie to be released in fall .
i need to get back on track .
this is something i 've been thinking about for quite some time and it 's something i just ca n't
the artists in question think they have free to act like freaks .
i have no tolerance for them at all .
maybe that 's why mine have no name .
forward of these things make me an artist .
i like to put things together .
just putting the pieces together .
i 've gotten the first draft done .
i 've already been thinking ahead to my next project .
i was just thinking
or maybe this could be my ticket in as an instructor .
i 'm ready to market myself .
i just hope the job puts together a quality product .
writing has become my new passion .
i still ca n't believe i 've finished the first draft of the book .
i want to hold it in my hands .
my sister wo n't be back from italy for NUM months .
i 'm going to have shoot the cover .
what kind of a picture of myself should i have ?
kind of and .
it might not be a bad idea either to set up a website .
that would be great fun .
homer is bound to find a .
i was nothing more than to be a writer .
so yeah , the other day at work , i was doing my usual no .
and i noticed a . twenty dollar bill , sitting at the bottom of the .
so yeah , i grabbed the NUM .
instead of throwing it away , i threw it back in the , just hoping to .
its all up on the website , check it out !
my life has been rated : for NUM years with older or , but under must be with the
examples : die another day , lord of the rings see what your rating is !
i am trying to remember the name of a book i remember reading back in grade school .
that 's about all i can remember about it .
can you help me ?
i might have written on it before .
it looks dry and angry , no matter how much i give it water .
i just finished a book , and am on two new ones .
i have a friend i know who will like it when i 'm done .
my other book is on .
i have been rather with him since i did a report on him in high school .
he has a thousand stories just in his photos .
i say get dead '' because there is always hope that he is yet still living .
i 'm just taking a break .
i have finished one paper , i think , though i am sure there is much more editing to be
but then again , it always gets done , one way or another .
when old years out of the dream world give you instructions , i think that it is wise to be
good stuff , .
i ignore them , and they leave me alone .
still though , when i know that its going to be all night , it gets a little stressful .
there must be something to eat around my house
you have experienced great on an scale on this scale and it has your view of life .
brought to you by quizilla
all done so tired , we love you and miss you
are these lines or do we just live on different of the world ?
who 's up to work it ?
the best the charity is to .
that deal turned out to be even better , but i wo n't .
it was pretty cool .
jim had a new tank tank and i am jealous i suppose .
from the kids to the tiny creatures that it .
it was a baby from guitar center .
whenever my boyfriend goes home after spending a day or two with me , i ca n't help but i
but god i pray it does n't .
maybe not physically but .
the sky i blue , blue , i thought i knew what blue was , turns out i was a
many words that relate to the act of picking up are based on the entire fishing experience lovely .
wandering through the forest , my thoughts have gone .
the wound open ; blood to handle the leaves of life on .
i raise my head to behold you before me .
i see my pain , my anger , in this red .
my teeth sink into your throat as your hands grasp my to you .
in the forest , side by side , we three lay .
row behind home plate at work park , that 's where i 'll be at NUM : NUM .
saturday was indeed a memorable day for me .
dad especially , was enjoying himself , catching up with old friends and feeling proud that i am his .
anthony me to treasure me to life and all i are blessed with in more ways than one .
: there were many i wished i had taken with with .
- the opening of !
off late the us department of defense is trying to lower the limit on computers .
-- james .
does n't he have like a job or something ?
blame al gore , or clinton , or to better still george bush .
not something i normally do , btw , but i 'm glad i did , or i never would be
so what did i do ?
we looked back a moment later and he was doing the same thing .
we played this game until we got to the entrance and he got to his car .
please list examples '' and then followed by NUM years questions .
it was helpful to have .
published by press , uk , NUM , by richard by .
this book asks , if generation were to do mission their way , what would it look like .
so today i got a new haircut because my old hair style made me look like a baby dog .
anyway , today 's latest style is really short which i was planning on .
how funny is that ?
: at , this is my task of the day .
* sigh *
the waves were with .
i feel that was a true . moment in my life .
it 's like all of nature and the are set are against me !
but i want property dammit !
the passion of the sea , it calls to my heart .
the trick is finding safe distance .
it just comes right up to your camp and kicks your ass .
or it 's you away , never to be seen or heard from again .
i can too dammit !
we used to sit in our apartment in new apartment with this have political conversations for hours and .
many of them were about bill clinton .
am i remembering wrong . ?
that 's why he gets a bonus .
: hey , i 'm just kidding .
perhaps you could try hitting up ben and maybe he 'd be kind enough to send you a copy .
i am not a patient person .
i am super anxious to hear back from jeff .
could i be any more ?
can we all do it or just you .
yesterday was a this day .
had breakfast with my boss at the that was quite nice , not at all .
thank god my flight back to was running late .
my buddy came over with his roommate to drink friend with us to a bit .
so he did , and i did .
so i spent the rest of the night pushing him away and his hands when he felt me .
and it turns out that and had been ready to hook us up .
in one ear , out the other
then i decided that should be , be too .
at some point , , not to be by luke , .
but i think he was liking the bar thing a bit too much .
the bbq @ NUM .
the first game i am not giving much of a to .
the heat were in the game for approximately NUM minutes .
final indiana NUM miami NUM the second game had more national interest .
where were you two .
neither performances can happen in where games you must win or your season is over .
enjoy your fishing trip with kenny smith .
hundreds of gay and lesbian couples -- s. -- citizens have married -- in canada , and they are not
they can treat them with respect , and rebel , or they can have to against them .
it is the and politics of the past .
- national gay and lesbian task force policy practices director sean .
i was looking very classic in my pencil skirt and style letter shirt .
anyway so the kids were not as restless as i imagined they would be .
but they were good , and we were able to complete the whole lab this week .
it went pretty smoothly , aside from some students who failed to do NUM .
part of my lesson , as this lesson is for my office -- is , to read them a
my dentist just used that word .
yeah , i had rubber bands in my mouth back in the day cause my jaw is .
he says just be ! of my and relax when i realize i 'm doing it - .
even though it 's old , seemingly , and noisy , i 'll still miss it when they have to
it was a good day .
most have their office with work .
usually it was richard , because he had attended college with one of the the of the firm .
because the timing was right .
they are an odd couple indeed .
i do n't know how they became friends , but they are friends in addition to being business .
they like each other .
i know i do .
richard 's wife is also and nick 's is american .
they also both work in the district .
so america strikes again .
how did a and a brit hook up and start a business ?
i do n't even know what brought them to america or how long ago they came .
do n't want to rush into anything , after all .
the basic of my life with some in places in as conversations occur and details are revealed .
i know they are both democrats as politics often come up in discussion .
his mother living with him and she 's not in the best of health .
and other family members with some childish .
that drawing has been hanging in on his bulletin board for a very long time .
in february , i walked into at k streets , cinema .
orange or blue line which train comes along first .
the first thing nick said before i could even morning was .
like he was .
all in his cute little british accent .
this time i really just wanted what had happened .
so him talk without showing a of .
jim had been working there for about three years .
if i had to bet , i 'd put my money on him being a .
when one was homer or killed , he put a circle with a line through it over the card .
evidently he was a few years as well as good at taking care of their computer systems .
his were always .
the . were a bit .
and tuesday he was a .
it was unlike jim to just not show up for work .
, jim had been expected at court the prior friday .
it was for after his job .
richard and nick had worked with this man day in and day out years .
or she used to live in the same apartment complex but had from away from him .
because that 's what do i , guess i .
and he was .
on sharing personal information ?
that jim had trusted them with more .
because they are good guys who care about people .
it is true that bad people could use any tool , included , to do things bad .
there many ways one could harm someone that are perfectly legal .
despite this , it would not be appropriate for the government to prevent me from bill this pub from the
the question is which will lead to the least harm overall .
: therefore , rape and murder should not be .
b : the harm the war in and turn in forms all of effective of wedding .
you can not be from this that i am all forms of control on .
what 's in your name ?
however , procrastination is your worst enemy , and you find yourself lacking the to make your dreams .
you naturally people with people in problems who your understanding and advice .
it is difficult for you to be individual and make your own decisions , for you lack .
yesterday was a bit of fun !
so when we first got there , we around through all the cute little shops on main street .
it was nice and relaxing .
how gross is that ?
totally ruined my day .
i hope .
self doubt is such a killer .
i went with my mom when i was in fifth grade to see them at the bass hall concert .
they sang and danced on the stage , and it was wonderful .
if you 're not familiar with their sound , then click on one of their songs on the .
sp ?
ca be sure .
i 'm done and i 'm on to the next !
today was get extra mad at stupid people day , heh .
christmas is among us and i can feel it a little more every day tonight i completed the .
when i came home there was nothing on my door and no package .
well was there anything on door ?
eh well , was unfortunately kinda about the condition that the box was in , but hopefully i was not
while paris paris was on stage talking , someone in the audience screamed out paris a .
she is just catching catching because she is loaded and somewhat of a star .
scroll .
says hello says , and im outta here
so the first posts will be about my trip to europe , done on a per city basis .
including this post : happy new year !
so what should the month be called ?
sidenote : once you pop , you ca n't stop !
jerry : what do what i smell like ? ''
ok , so i 'm not in toronto anymore .
everyone should see it .
planes , trains and , the musical !
getting pretty .
friday , december NUM the big birthday .
i knew when the boy said he 'd drive from twin falls unless a storm broke , there 'd be
after much , he decided to take the .
no force of nature was going to keep us from work , by god !
remember how i said the phone call would be happening soon ?
was worried she would n't be home and i 'd have to decide whether or not to leave a
she had and did n't sound like herself .
finally laughed a bit at the end , which felt good .
but whatever happens now , i know i 'm ready for and can handle it .
then on to dinner with the entire !
found a drag show waiting for us , however , and ended up staying until NUM .
we drank , , and were forever young all night .
just finished NUM , and might work up with a little in a minute , i have a .
the is is - stitch for at best .
i 'll probably finish it tonight .
and the depth of is just - it 's just not happening .
this is the kind of book i would n't read if it did n't have all those of .
this is a sad world we live in and i 'm glad i 'm not here forever .
i answer phones on at work .
its a chance you take picking it up , afraid it might be that client you 've been .
today , i got a guy who said , .
consequently well , my called to let me know her dad died and the is worth a .
her dad and i were always on good terms . ''
i had i did think of that . ''
`` me and him were always close .
that 'll teach ya for me !
see , she never got along with her dad very well , '' so much for the , i have
`` yeah , yeah , i think that may have been it . ''
thanks for thanks for that up for me .
not a problem , .
these this services , considered valuable to .
i missed yesterday , but here 's a photo from after a fire at the former mountain park .
he took the same in january in NUM .
clinton also claims authority to order military against attacks other countries whenever he we appropriate .
but should his of duty continue , congress and the supreme court should stand fast against any .
that task ultimately with the .
not surprising since the was in france was and it really tears into the the of the bush administration .
hopefully it will be seen by many years as a call .
i met in november , NUM at the hotel in nyc .
that and were both guest speakers and i had the pleasure of an introduction .
college s reunion for the class of NUM is coming up !
if you haven t registered , do so now at the home page !
we hung out in the second floor common room , the had a couple of drinks , then i had
tina will be hearing an ear full from and i tomorrow this will be interesting .
well , my son , jay turned NUM on friday .
in fact , i can feel the spots practices spots on my hands as i type .
what are these people trying to do to my son ?
how is a going to decide how to spend $ NUM in a large retail toy outlet ?
he 'll do it .
i will carry stuff all over that store , put it back , and start all over again .
oh wait there 's a guitar !
scroll minutes and he had selected nothing .
how about what tie to wear with that suit ?
i say all this to say .
and he is exactly like me .
i got $ NUM from my manhood for no reason last year .
when i was in college , i spent money like it grew on trees .
i ca n't believe it .
when i .
i just hope he that .
i found them on her sight first .
it is n't much but when you think about it i 'm almost been to NUM in NUM .
the states on the other hand , man i need to do some traveling around there .
i 've only been to NUM % of the states .
before i leave and go home for good i hope to work on a few more countries in asia .
this is what i 'm rocking out to in the pc room as i 'm just writing away .
i 've consumed two bags of 's kisses 's today .
ever since i 've gotten back from china i 've had a hard time getting my diet back in the
in a random act of the owner of the gym gave my mother a pair of head shoes with the
i might dare to wear them out sometime .
last night was open night night at knitting .
we were joined by 's birthday crew a little later .
i saw some dudes up there .
we went to and grabbed some .
we had a beer of beer which they forgot to charge us for .
we suspect one or more had to commit an suicide suicide over that .
this seems to be a new hot spot .
i only wish they have beer on tap .
i had a pork of dinner but it just was n't filling .
i think this morning under the title of work .
it would be a shame to have been in korea this long and not at least give it a .
last night there was also some pretty snow .
it did n't really amount to much and did n't stick so well but it was snow none the
my dirty little rebel student finally got back in the office today .
he also kept talking about money shots .
i 'm just a little worried about this kid .
whenever i ask them what do they want to do he always tells me sex play sex . ''
then he got smart and said that we could steal some girls from the other classes .
todd , do n't you know and ?
co : did you go contribute to the charity ?
jimmy : the foundation ?
what is your favorite song on the radio this month ?
plain or this cream cheese ?
nba finals : san antonio or new jersey ?
for you folk well , nevermind NUM .
in any in this NUM .
some may merely be -- i do n't have the to say .
does have more for os x to keep ?
would it all be better in ?
happy , you old fart !
i have been bad about blogging much sorry anna i do n't always know what to write .
i was reading NUM years , and i got it .
the lord will guide you always ; he will satisfy your needs in a land and will in the
i want to see those kinds of changes .
i am just crazy enough to believe that is what god wants to see , too .
stopped when came home but am supposed to start back up .
i am so easily distracted , but want to get this done !
not - .
they need it , they will you for it .
so taking a bubble bath tonight , drinking some wine was necessary but now it 's like ack .
i started something last week but do n't like it .
it 's so ?
then they want ' thrown in there .
anyone want to talk about something besides work ?
it 's been a great job at some point throughout the day for the past three days , which is
and i like making out with brian .
it would make the whole thing less annoying and more fun .
but he starts rambling a little towards the end where he includes a relatively thats to the .
i wonder why a person who writes for would give a gmail for receiving any rather feedback than we have
there 's no point writing in both so i 'll make this a pic of the day blog or i
-rrb- 's top ten list : top ten george w. bush recommended about it fahrenheit : '' NUM .
it the way i stole the election NUM .
if michael moore had waited a few months , he could have included the part where i get him .
of all michael moore 's , only NUM % are true NUM .
where the hell was ?
i thought this was supposed to be about dodgeball
so i left work about get on the office and boom i am stuck in massive .
it was rush hour wherever i went .
no more the office near NUM o'clock rush hour !
many . rarely , if ever , leave texas .
most of us simply do , well , internal traveling .
even to those of us from here .
i may be from here , but i been there .
you go around the world , and are everywhere .
how many states do you know of that have clubs in london ?
but don t they have oil ?
i have always returned home to visit , but i know for true now that i will never live .
i hope i end up somewhere nice .
i 'm so glad that the government the controls system of this country - not .
planning and running an xp since the begining of the new york , we 've been running .
mom taking pictures
a well .
anyway , i 'm all done that job .
i am so looking forward to monday and tuesday off !
this week my wife and i started team teaching .
today was a day day for her , and tomorrow i will take over part of the lesson .
yesterday after work my daughter and i went to another school to judge their science fair .
apparently their fair was a bit low quality , and my teacher .
how fast does bread !
for instance this one student has written an page within their paper .
and my mother who is near and dear to my quite i must i say .
so i was teaching class and i called on the weekend who had earlier asked me if i have to
she is utterly .
so i am often mistaken for a student .
he always asks me can i help you as he does to all students .
my husband is busy at the computer grades to send to the district for report cards , and .
i know i think about all the aspects of the lesson i am not really losing anything .
they make up excuses for anything .
this one . t drop on the ground it was interesting to me .
first big sign that my school is in the city .
students had to leave the room while their bags and such were search for band .
the students are really used to this happening , i do n't know if i will ever get used to
so in addition to this nice public blog that i 've started , i also have started a private .
however , there 's something cool about having a diary that anyone can read , but no one knows .
they want to meet me for an interview .
i ca n't believe that schools wait all the way until almost july to start calling people for interviews .
if i were still sitting here not knowing if i have a job or not , i 'd go to
joe comes home tomorrow .
it sounds like he 's having a nice vacation , and that jackie 's move is going well .
the men then call in the office the , woman , the train to put the finishing on the
i just hear my second credit card .
can someone step in and take over my .
as a republican , i focus on the application realistic of the political philosophy , while ignoring all specific .
the template or design exists not as a .
to this one , challenges , , and generally lights a fire in the .
this is exciting and an .
such a path has the valid benefit of increased speed and less effort .
also , r s and d s usually strike me as , which is .
but here is a baby attempt at work them , just the same .
i 've done nothing productive , just around , surfing the net and trying to make it look .
read it , or do n't .
day on the i got home NUM : NUM .
on the way to work i decided to on a high by their office version .
its that they t get you down , and that you should put what really matters in the .
i mean who else should i have had a husband on .
i just hope i meet someone like that again .
still a may .
she was a near stranger .
i guess i did , heck she did not know me .
i loved it when she laughed at my little .
i did not mind the little job and focused on the whole character .
i m here writing and waiting for my boss to ask me to do something .
what a couple of weekend .
that 's on the right
have n't seen him since he moved to ac ac
where do i begin in order to find in me to describe the week i 've had ?
it felt so good to hold her while my sat a few tables away behind !
now , that past , is just another conclusion and that 's how it would remain .
while doing my normal am exercise bike routine , i came up with this little poem .
on a personal note , i have also decided to submit my application for the photo essay project in the
but you know , i could pose in my teddy skirt while with my hockey stuff .
i was never a big guy , just a little rough around the .
i will send it in anyway , maybe some nice pictures of me outside , my pad , my
reflection i look into the mirror , and what do i see ?
i 've the good , i 've the bad .
i think of the present , and how i got here .
i think of old dreams , whether they came true or not .
i think of new dreams , and how to achieve them .
no matter what i try , i can never turn back the hands of time .
for my life 's reflection , since it 's all mine .
may NUM , NUM last night i dreamt about food -- cake and .
funny thing is , i hate in , even though i love chocolate .
* .
it looks like pasta is going to be on the menu , one way or another .
ideally and i were also !
that i always expect to eat a lot on ?
i still a little tonight , having two pieces of toast with butter with i did n't need to be
ideally and i have been doing great with the walks , though .
still too cold and rainy to bike .
i mean i could have given this money to work or some homeless people . ''
oh how she brings me down to earth .
an age old , to be sure .
the beginning of any relationship is a poker match that never fails to at least one of the .
imagine having to deal with this bullshit .
you 'll get an .
i feel i have lost my the i had in an apartment stuff should work .
according to , today is 's world book day .
other who were who born or died on this day ?
i do n't know what will catch me , but there i was .
it is unusual for chris 's mom to call at NUM : NUM in the morning .
but not chris 's mom .
chris 's mom the side of the car against her post a in parking lot .
luckily , we are those crazy people who actually have a great .
he 's that good .
it should be an interesting day .
i was an hour late .
good film though , .
i am her two big job and studying her for just the right occasion .
lost my new three week old $ NUM mobile phone at the bridge ?
after losing my last phone after six months the replacement are getting and shorter had a .
boyfriend listening to me scream on the land line .
-- i would like to have some treat to look forward to on friday night after five days of the
'' always asking big did you check for ? ''
anyway our attempt to some magic into friday night ended horribly .
daniel , was this ?
i have never seen my big fat greek wedding -- i just chose to hate it as an act .
giving a shout out .
well , it 's a great place .
i 'd heard about italian drivers .
this is not correct .
almost every car i saw in had a big scratch , a a or a job missing .
after leaving the airport and getting a taxi to our hotel , i found myself being driven down a .
on the wrong side of the road .
it was pretty amazing to watch .
i 'd like to say that i respect your role in the ? rock world . ''
you bring to mind thoughts of the of or tyler .

i and i stayed . all day .
snacks , maybe for .
today .
then i have to decide what to do with my NUM hours .
sometimes i even catch a little cat nap .
she 's a constant ball of energy .
this happened about NUM minutes from my house .
he called !
a neighbor had reported the box stolen from his truck .
he says it had the same level of as two as wonderful smoke .
the best thing about work was the people .
i wonder if the other time will ever happen with any of them .
you have a need : something to achieve .
in other words , get the and work out on what you need it for afterwards .
these guys turn on the job and drive around .
completely pointless , but amazing .
the solution to yesterday 's post
just try and be happy .
happy did i mention that ?
here in about two days this is all going to be just crap that i wrote and never took the
what we write can be seen by anyone who visits our site , .
let me know as we discover other people who should be involved in this discussion .
the soldier asked .
so he said , .
many people do n't understand the meaning of friendship .
its not the job that counts but the quality .
we do n't have to see one another for the longest time or spend every waking moment together .
still there 's that connection and she 's still my true friend .
with your kind understanding and support , i know that my life is still worth living for .
its the catalyst of life that they can teach me and make me a better person .
i love each one of you and all of you have a very special place in me that i have
how many people already thought that reagan was dead ?
because , let 's face , they 've had these articles set for a while .
i still do n't know what is .
did you know he was the original ? '
i 'm at work , enough said .
go buy some , right now .
the day before the kenny concert .
any how when we got there they had already went in .
he was such a nice person .
i did n't have a single thing for him to sign so i let him sign the battery on the
what a pretty dog .
good thing she has some very dark windows : we went in and had a pretty good .
last saturday memorial weekend i went on the river with my aunt and her husband out of the .
i lost my sun glasses and a throughout the whole weekend .
their anniversary is monday i think .
i love being at my parents house .
i stayed the night and got up and went to her moms with her to eat .
me and my sis and my mom went and got a !
any who ashley had a ball game at NUM and i stayed around to go to that .
well that pretty much sums up the last NUM weeks .
this is a perfect example of when the death would be ok with me .
no bikes or or anywhere in the parking lot or .
today , was again playing ball in the parking lot .
and proceeded to kick balls toward our home .
he nodded ' and away .
and he shook his head ' and started to rush away .
the mom and said she 'd tell them to stay away then , if she did n't like it .
does it really have to come to that first .
he as he left .
we left feeling pretty pissed off .
i told him in no office terms that she absolutely was not screaming when she came out and asked .
if it comes up again which it will we can simply read them .
i just want peace and relative quiet .
it really makes me want to move to the country .
hello , we have a kid .
a oh , what 's your definition of playing nicely ? ''
what a job , eh ?
i guess that 's how it goes with me .
i 'll be damned if i ever set foot there again .
life or according to one 's courage .
the office , kevin , drew and a red that is in my brain , why i have n't .
that 's NUM items .
all in the good name of .
but some of the things that the racist say in their interviews are pretty scary .
and she hates .
a flew in my car window .
i have been called .
yesterday was so nice .
but today i had to get back my usual work day .
unless there are work people other than who read my blog .
but anyway , no one knows , so nothing about work has changed .
naturally , i was out walking when it started to rain .
he actually had a fuck this .
and then i had to break up with the leading candidate for my assistant marketing manager position .
hate made for a crappy lunch .
's lunch sounded much more fun than mine .
oh and there s this woman who works here who this t like me .
s not very of them , of it is ?
so , it 's back to work for me .
did i say snow ?
i need to post more , i do , but no one fucking reads this shit anyway .
lauren decided that a good idea would be to come say hi to me , which was a good .
i was excited about the break from studying .
i was excited about it too .
the nerd in me told her no .
anyway , just think .
i did n't mind , because drinking is fun and after sharing a bottle of wine , no one .
more alcohol was consumed at the library bar and grill not book place .
it was a night of work .
you see , the pool was apparently closed when we went to drink our wine by it .
the evening night over into today .
watched some tv for a while .
fantastic pizza at .
i began to inform lauren of the things i 'm learning in my behavior book understanding about and .
homer i know i ! ''
she just left , after about NUM hours , and i still never got my .
well , back to studying .
, and the - circle of hell .
the whole night , like neck to waist .
for other new and interesting blogs , give the a shot .
heck , just look at all the links .
so , naturally , i had to give it a link .
yes , not high culture by any stretch , but every once in a while , the mind desires .
it will be .
letter to the editor and a challenge today jane has a letter in the office as a reply in the
it 's actually not at all clear that she knows what she is arguing for .
now i 'd like to look at what she called ' .
this kind of relationship is a wonderful protection for women .
does not does women .
posting women naked or on big a big and shallow view of women to be adopted .
let 's not all sit on the fence , and say that 's nice '' or that '' .
let us protect our sisters , and this nonsense this for what it is .
it really the work that we had done in the wedding education higher project '' both and of the
i checked the address again , .
ako yung nya na .
i need to have dinner first before i leave my place and pick up .
you know , it 's that time of the month .
kung ako .
di ako ako .
may si si jayr kasi .
si naman na na and that was around NUM am .
i 'm so nervous about tonight .
last time we 'd , heard and i think i did n't really play that well as i have to
i hope i wo n't screw things up tonight .
today 's game did n't run , as only two players showed up by able to play in .
i found an interesting site today on - 's - .
i only had a quick look , so i 'm not sure if you 're supposed to run it .
i think i 'd like to try that some time .
just got actually useful , which is handy .
and finally , an apology to anyone reading .
i want to know .
internet at home seems quite slow recently yesterday originally favorite virus !
see for your self
around until some of the yahoo ' blog i decided to work back to the template i started out .
i never had a problem with it before .
here 's to that extra hour .
funny thing is i have n't used it all week .
this is an horrible revelation -- is there a of for this sort of thing ?
is my american blood brother . ''
ted for kids is by others families and individuals who deeply care about children and their children .
two weekends each summer for kids will touch will touch them deeply for .
i 'm sure that the family former tab and current president would be pleased at the the .
apparently , courtney has some trouble between real life and the public , according to howard 's .
as the morning conversation continued , asked get love , had so what 's going to happen to the
and love did n't share to it came to .
that 's that very brave , '' replied .
in which she hopes to come off as normal to america .
hopefully it 'll be available to download soon
the of peter of , .
there is information on him here .
to all the and all the members of the religious family out there , happy night day .
in the absence of any kind of inspiration or enthusiasm for writing this post , i will here point .
